---
title: "The Slormancer will be at the Steam Game Festival"
date: 2020-06-06 09:30:09 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, General]
tags: [patch_notes]
author: ashmore
---
**The Steam Game Festival
-----------------------**  
A demo of The Slormancer will be available during the Steam Game Festival, from [strike]June 9th to June 14th[/strike] June 16th to June 22nd!  
So if you're curious about the game, it will be a perfect time to try it!  
  
  
**Livestream event: 2pm EDT (8pm CEST) on June 19**  
  
We are going to do livestream event where we will be playing the game and answering questions live! You can read the announcement [here](https://steamcommunity.com/games/1104280/announcements/detail/2261317222899857220).  
  
  
**Q&A Session: 2pm EDT (8pm CEST) on June 20**  
  
We are also going to host a Q&A Session on Reddit during the Festival, you can read more about it [here](https://steamcommunity.com/games/1104280/announcements/detail/2261317222899865320).  
  
  
**See you on June 16th!**  
  
  
  
**About The Slormancer**
------------------------

  
The Slormancer is an epic 2D **Action-RPG** Dungeon Crawling game following a band of outcasts on their fight against hordes of enemies lead by The Slormancer! Play as a "Mighty" Knight, a "Fierce" Huntress or a "Mischievous" Mage, master hundreds of abilities and ancestral powers, gear up, fight for the reputation of your kind and prove your value to the realm.  
  
Featuring loads of shiny Loot, tons of collectibles, countless hours of content, a frenetic gameplay and carefully crafted pixel art.  
  
  
**Key Features**
----------------

  
* **An irrational story!**
You were born with absolutely no skill whatsoever, and yet you find a way to be the last hope of the realm as the enigmatic Slormancer and his incompetent underling try to conquer the world once again. How great. But like your grandfather once told you: "You might not have the talent but you have the will."
* **Three unique Classes**
Unlock and master more than 200 unique Abilities, Upgrades and Passives for every class. Each active Ability has its own skill tree, allowing you to create unique combinations.
* **Harness the power of your Ancestral Legacy**
Choose your Legacy and inherit ancient powers among more than 150 Element-related Skills and Passives in the Ancestral Skill Tree.
Master Fire and summon powerful elementals, use Ice to freeze your foes, convoke Thunder and create massive storms, embrace the power of Light or make one with Shadow, it's up to you!
* **Unique Weapons**
120 unique and **game-changing** weapons available for every class. Each Slorm Reaper is a unique and priceless weapon that you can loot during your adventure. Once found, wield it to benefit from its powerful effect, level it up, and eventually evolve it to a greater form.
* **Endless quest for Epic Loot!**
Find and collect normal, magic, rare and epic items with completely random properties but also shiny legendary items with more than 80 unique affixes.
Then enhance them with an **infinite** upgrade system!
* **Collect and Progress**
Unlock Skills, Upgrades and Ancestral Abilities, find epic items, and collect Slorm Reapers to create deadly combinations that suits your own play style!
The Slormancer is all about **Collection and Progression** so you can switch at any point between any skills you’ve previously unlocked, Slorm Reapers and items you’ve previously found, even between the 3 classes of the game! This unique **Flexibility** allows you to swap between different combinations and play styles in the blink of an eye, whenever you feel like it.
* **Procedural Adventures!**
Defeat lots of unique monsters, elites and bosses with more than 40 different affixes through procedurally generated adventures and hunt down The Slormancer’s Warlords through 7 different **upgradable** environments. There are always things to do and monsters to kill! And it's always different!
  
  
{% include embed/youtube.html id="za0VVBLdxFQ" %}  
  
  
<https://store.steampowered.com/app/1104280>

# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/3157533729858626069" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>