---
title: "Steam Game Festival: Demo Available!"
date: 2020-10-07 19:00:44 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, General]
tags: [patch_notes]
author: ashmore
---
A demo of The Slormancer will be available during the Steam Game Festival: Autumn Edition, from October 7th to October 13th. If you haven't tried it yet, now would be the perfect time.  
  
If you've tried the demo already, you should know that it is the exact same build as before.  
  
  
About The Slormancer
====================

  
The Slormancer is an epic 2D Action-RPG Dungeon Crawling game following a band of outcasts on their fight against hordes of enemies lead by The Slormancer!  
Play as a "Mighty" Knight, a "Fierce" Huntress or a "Mischievous" Mage, master hundreds of abilities and ancestral powers, gear up, fight for the reputation of your kind and prove your value to the realm.  
  
Featuring loads of shiny Loot, tons of collectibles, countless hours of content, a frenetic gameplay and carefully crafted pixel art.  
  
  
About the Demo
==============

  
The demo lets you explore a small portion of the world of Adreart and directly hop into the heat of action by trying out Expeditions using the Hero of your choice.  
You will only have access to the first few skills and weapons of your Hero which should be more than enough to create your first builds and have fun with the various effects and synergies you will discover.  
  
Good Luck, Adventurer!  
  
  
About the Team
==============

  
We are a two-man independent game development studio based in France. It was created in November 2017 with one goal in mind: to center the player's experience around FUN. Plain and simple. Not frustration, not tedious quests, not paywalls, not overwhelmingly complex mechanics or unfair challenges. Just fun. And we've been working on The Slormancer ever since.  
  
The Slormancer is our first game and our most important project to this date which means we are determined to impress, and we will give everything we can!  
  
  
Features of The Slormancer
==========================

  
* **An irrational story!**
You were born with absolutely no skill whatsoever, and yet you find a way to be the last hope of the realm as the enigmatic Slormancer and his incompetent underling try to conquer the world once again. How great. But like your grandfather once told you: "You might not have the talent but you have the will."
* **Three unique Classes**
Unlock and master more than 200 unique Abilities, Upgrades and Passives for every class. Each active Ability has its own skill tree, allowing you to create unique combinations.
* **Harness the power of your Ancestral Legacy**
Choose your Legacy and inherit ancient powers among more than 150 Element-related Skills and Passives in the Ancestral Skill Tree.
Master Fire and summon powerful elementals, use Ice to freeze your foes, convoke Thunder and create massive storms, embrace the power of Light or make one with Shadow, it's up to you!
* **Unique Weapons**
120 unique and game-changing weapons available for every class. Each Slorm Reaper is a unique and priceless weapon that you can loot during your adventure. Once found, wield it to benefit from its powerful effect, level it up, and eventually evolve it to a greater form.
* Endless quest for Epic Loot!
Find and collect normal, magic, rare and epic items with completely random properties but also shiny legendary items with more than 80 unique affixes.
Then enhance them with an infinite upgrade system!
* **Collect and Progress**
Unlock Skills, Upgrades and Ancestral Abilities, find epic items, and collect Slorm Reapers to create deadly combinations that suits your own play style!
The Slormancer is all about Collection and Progression so you can switch at any point between any skills you’ve previously unlocked, Slorm Reapers and items you’ve previously found, even between the 3 classes of the game! This unique Flexibility allows you to swap between different combinations and play styles in the blink of an eye, whenever you feel like it.
* **Procedural Adventures!**
Defeat lots of unique monsters, elites and bosses with more than 40 different affixes through procedurally generated adventures and hunt down The Slormancer’s Warlords through 7 different upgradable environments. There are always things to do and monsters to kill! And it's always different!
  
  
{% include embed/youtube.html id="za0VVBLdxFQ" %}

# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/3853351107546290864" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>
