---
title: "The Slormancer: Hotfix 0.1.97"
date: 2021-04-12 15:55:47 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, Hotfix]
tags: [patch_notes, hotfix]
author: ashmore
---
Hi there! Today's patch includes the first Quality of Life changes since we've finally had the time to implement some. If you still experience bugs, or have reported a bug that is yet to be fixed, no worries, we still have a long list to clear. We're just taking it one step at a time.  
  

Bugs & Crashes
==============

  
**Crashs:**  
- Fixed 2 crashes occuring with Astral Retribution.  
- Fixed a crash when receiving too much damage, also causing FPS drops.  
  
**General:**  
- Fixed a bug where some Legendary items would show a £ instead of their actual stat.  
- Fixed a bug where you could not purchase Skills with Slorm if you had the exact number of Slorm required.  
- You should no longer be stuck by environment when trying to reach Bryan's Portal.  
- Slormites Found are now properly shown at the end of an Expedition.  
- Fragments now display the proper icon on the Minimap.  
- Debuffs on enemies should no longer be cut on high resolution screens (untested, let me know)  
- Upgrades and Passives should no longer be active if you no longer have the requirement due to unequiping gear.  
- Thorns should now properly hit all enemies even when multiple enemies are all hitting at once.  
- You can no longer unlock Adam Nostrus' Primordial Reaper by reaching level 100 with any Primordial Reaper.  
  
**Controller:**  
- Your Character should no longer keep moving when Click to Move is enabled.  
- Menus should now be accessible on any sort of screen resolution.  
  
**The Mighty Knight:**  
- Whirlwind now triggers Astral Retribution and Astral Meteor from Elder Retribution.  
  
**The Mischievous Mage:**  
- Arcane Breach's Violent Contact now properly deals Increased Damage to every enemy hit.  
- Arcane Breach's Evergrowing Portal can no longer occur more than 10 times (Individually).  
- Polyvalent Caster should now properly work.  
- Diversify should now properly work (and stop giving you tons of projectiles).  
  
**The Fierce Huntress:**  
- Wandering Arrow should no longer prevent you from losing Bryan's Circle of Protection.  
- You can no longer be unkillable while using Life Regeneration and Totems of Renewal.  
- Void Arrow's charge now properly ends when being stunned.  
- Endless Quiver should now properly work on Void Arrow.  
- Endless Quiver should no longer increase Rain of Arrow's Mana cost.  
- UI: The Delighted Mechanic should no longer be offseted.  
  
**Reapers:**  
- Primordial Vindictive Slam's Holy Ground no longer benefit from Vindictive Slam's Increased Area Size.  
- Goldscourge should now properly count and add Goldus.  
- Reaper of the Sleepy-Butterfly should now display correct informations in the tooltip.  
- The Primal Ancient Ancestral Legacy's Elemental Fervor should no longer stack.  
  
**Attributes:**  
- Bravery Rank 30: should no longer work when equipping/unequipping gear.  
  
**Extras**  
- Typos… Typos everywhere!  
- A bunch of other bugs should be fixed based on some general changes made to the game.  
- I also probably broke a few things.  
  

Quality of Life Changes:
========================

  
- You can now activate Area of Effect & Totems Rapidcast (and no longer have the option to Aim - toggled off by default).  
- You now have an option to auto-pick up Crafting Materials (toggled off by default).  
- (Also added an animation when you pick up Equipment or Materials).  
  
- You can now see the Level of your Item on your Item!  
- If you're at max level, the XP of your Reaper is displayed at the bottom of your screen.  
  
- You can no longer right-click to Salvage an Item (will result in less accidental salvages).  
- You can now right click on an Item at Friedrich's or Rick's menu to equip it back to its slot.  
- Equipment is now automatically reequipped (or put back in your inventory) upon leaving Rick or Friedrich's Menus.  
- You can now UNLOCK stats you've previously locked to your equipment, at Friedrich's.

# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/4117954073013461760" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>