---
title: "The Slormancer: v.0.2: Patch Notes"
date: 2021-06-09 11:25:36 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, General]
tags: [patch_notes]
author: ashmore
---
Hi everyone!  
Update 0.2 is now available on Experimental!   
  

Experimental: Please read carefully
===================================

  
We are using the Experimental branch to test important changes that may make the game unplayable on some systems until we feel the version is stable enough to move to the Public branch.   
  
The Experimental period should not last long. However, at this time, progress made in the Experimental version will not be transferred to the public/regular version of the game once the Experimental period ends.  
  
If you want to keep your progress, we encourage you to play on the Public branch of the game and wait for the official update.  
  
If you are willing to test out the latest changes, that's awesome! Please remember to report bugs found on our Steam forums or on our [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/tkYxSuB).  
  
Just so you can quickly test our your current builds and changes made to them, your Save files will be loaded into Experimental so you will be able to continue your game as you left it in the public/regular version of the game.  
  
**TL;DR: WARNING! Your progress in the Experimental branch will be reset at the end of the Experimental period.**  
  
  

How to access Experimental?
===========================

  
On your Steam Library, right-click The Slormancer>Properties>Betas and choose the "Experimental - Testing Branch" beta. Then close the menu and download the update.   
  
If you want to leave Experimental and get back to the regular version, simply choose "None" from the Betas menu.  
  
  
Here is the complete list of changes.  
  

Game Engine Migration
=====================

  

* We've upgraded our game engine. Hopefully, all black screen issues should be resolved.
* Everyone with proper specs should now be able to play the game. If not, let us know!
* This also means that you should have better performance overall and slightly less FPS drops.

  
*This means that you might (will) run into things that no longer work anymore. If so, please let us know as soon as possible.*  
  

Resolution & Quality of Life
============================

  

* The Slormancer now supports the following resolutions:

+ 2560x1440
+ 3840x2160

  
* WINDOWED FULL SCREEN !
* You can now change the monitor where the game is displayed (by dragging it or by pressing WIN+SHIFT+(Left or Right)) to change it.
* Fonts should no longer be blurry/fuzzy. Text should be nice and sharp under every circumstance.
* Added an option to customize Interface and Damage Font Sizes.
* Added an option to Lock Cursor to screen.
* Added an option to hide Slorm when it is being gathered for readability.

  
  
  

Balance
=======

  
Here comes the very first balance changes of the game. We are mostly trying to rework BIG chunks rather than making minor changes.   
  
We've noticed that we were absolute mad lads with some numbers and systems so we mostly fixed those.  
  
Also, we've said it in our previous Slormite Chronicles: It was never intended for players to reach Wrath 10 at this point in development (with so many build options and items missing). So you may not be able to clear the content you used to, and we believe that it is fine. You will be able to climb back up in difficulty with our upcoming Major Updates and the increase of level cap.  
  

**Pure Stats**
--------------

  

* Stats found on items can now roll Critical scores and have a score ranging from 101% to 110% of their base value.
* Critical rolls are called "Pure" stats.
* A Pure stat whose score or stat is modified by Friedrich loses its Purity and gets back to a regular stat.
* Pure stats cannot be rolled by Friedrich and can be found on looted equipment or at Jemma's store.
* Pure stats are shown on Tooltips, and Items on the ground with a Pure stat are highlighted.
* Pure stats can be rolled on any stat (and on every stat, if you're lucky) of an item.
* Pure stats can only appear once level 25 has been reached.

  
  

**Craft**
---------

  

* Slormandrite of True Potentiel now increased the Level of your item by 1, up to your current level, instead of instantly bringing it to your current level.
* The Gold cost to Reroll Scores has been reduced by 60%.
* Gold cost to Add Stats and change the rarity of an item has been increased by 60%.
* The Gold cost of Rerolling Stats or Score and Locking and Unlocking Epic stats has been reduced by 40%.
* Gold cost of all operations on Reaper, Mastery and Attribute stats have been increased by 1000% as this should be late-game min-maxing, not something to consider doing on every new item equipped.
* The appearance rate of Reapers, Mastery and Attributes stats on looted items has been increased by 100%.

  
  

**Slormites and Reinforcement**
-------------------------------

  

* **Important:** Reinforcement now offers diminshing returns. +1 Reinforcement gives a +15% bonus, +2 gives +14% bonus, up to +15 and above granting a +1% bonus to the Reinforced stat.
That is instead of the former Reinforcement that granted +15% bonus to stats, at any Reinforcement level.  
* Reinforcement cost rarity multiplier has been greatly reduced. On average, Reinforcement costs on Magic and higher items have been reduced by about 50%.
* This change also applies to Potential rarity multiplier, so it should be easier to increase the Potential of Rare+ items.
* **Important:** Bonus Reinforcement Chance given by Slormelines during Reinforcement have been changed. Instead of giving +10% Chance on items of equal rarity, Slormelines now work for every item regardless of rarity with the following rate:
  

+ Normal Slormeline: +0,1% Reinforcement Chance.
+ Magic Slormeline: +0,5% Reinforcement Chance.
+ Rare Slormeline: +2% Reinforcement Chance.
+ Epic Slormeline: +15% Reinforcement Chance.
+ Legendary Slormeline: +75% Reinforcement Chance.

  
  

**Changes on Items**
--------------------

  
The following changes only concern rolls you can get on Items.   
  
We realized how easy it was to get to high % stats on items, due to various factors, including how generous items were. As an example, it was quite easy to reach +100% Critical Strike Chance with a few pieces and a bit of crafting. This is true for most % stats, including game-breaking ones such as All Damage Reduction.  
  
Also, an important thing to keep in mind is that Level 40 items that you can currently loot right now ARE NOT rolling the highest % value. An item rolling Critical Strike Chance at Level 40 can grant up to 3% Critical Strike Chance while the same item rolling at level 70 will grant 5%.   
  
The following stats have been reduced by 50%:  

* Raw Damage %.
* Elemental Damage %.
* Critical Strike Chance.
* Ancestral Strike Chance.
* Elite Damage Reduction.
* Melee Damage Reduction.
* Projectile Damage Reduction.
* Area of Effect Damage Reduction.
* All Damage Reduction.
* Movement Speed %.
* Life Leech %.
* Mana Leech %.
* Pierce Chance %.
* Fork Chance %.
* Rebound Chance %.
* Area Increased Size % (Decreased by 25%).
* Area Increased Effect % (Decreased by 25%).

  
  
The following stats have been increased by 50%:  

* Life Regeneration %.
* Life on Hit %.
* Life on Kill %.
* Mana on Hit %.
* Mana on Kill %.
* Inner Fire Damage %.
* Overdrive Damage %.
* Overdrive Bounce Number % (Increased by 100%).

  
  
Additional Changes on Items:  

* **Important:** An item can no longer roll the same stat multiple times. Meaning if you have +10% Max Life as a Magic Stat, it can no longer be rolled as a Base, Rare or Epic stat. That is true for both crafting and loot.
*If you have items with multiple rolls of the same stats, you will be able to keep them for now and slowly transition to items of higher levels when we roll new upgrades and increase the level cap.  
These items will become invalid once we reach 1.0.*  
* Melee, Projectile, Area of Effect and All Damage Reductions are now capped at 75%.
* Movement Speed now offers diminishing returns.
* Life Regeneration % can now appear on Belts as a Magic/Rare stat.
* Raw Damage % can no longer appear in Armors, Belts and Boots as a Magic/Rare stat.
* Elemental Damage % can no longer appear in Belts, Shoulders and Bracers as a Magic/Rare stat.

  
  

**Attributes**
--------------

  

* Savagery 5 and 10 (Critical Strike Damage) have been swapped with 35 and 40 (Reaper Damage Multiplier)
* Savagery 60 is now based on the difference between your Raw Damage and Elemental Damage instead of Skill Damage and Elemental Damage.
* Fury 30: Reaper Damage Multiplier is now 30% instead of 50%.
* Fury 45: Increased Attack Speed is now 20% instead of 50%.
* Willpower 30 (Elemental Prowess) now gains +2% Elemental Damage per trait instead of 1%.
* Willpower 30 (Elemental Prowess) has been swapped with 60 (Elemental Resistance).
* Bravery 15 (Increased Elemental Damage based on Legendary numbers) has been moved to Bravery 75. Other Greater Traits have been moved down so Bravery 30 is now at level 15, Bravery 45 is at 30 etc…

  
  

**Ancestral Legacy**
--------------------

  

* Cold Snap now deals 80% (+10% per rank) Elemental Damage instead of 40%+5%.
* Burning Rage now grants 10%+2% Raw Damage and 25%+3% Critical Strike Damage instead of 20%+3% and 50%+5%. Burning Rage now costs 5% Life instead of a flat Life cost and lasts 7 seconds instead of 12.
* Scorched Earth now deals 15%+8% Elemental Damage instead of 15%+3%.
* Elemental Emergency now grants 110+50 Elemental Damage instead of 110+18.

  
  

**Reapers**
-----------

  

* Reaper of the Recruit now deals 10 times your Experience Find as Additional Damage instead of 1.
* Big Fury Reaper now has +4 Max. Raw Damage per level instead of +2 and has +0.5% Raw Damage Multiplier per level instead of +1%.
* Primordial Big Fury Reaper now has +3% Raw Damage instead of +4%.
* Reaper of Ferocious Affinity now grants +8% of your Max Mana as Raw Damage instead of +5%.
* Primordial Reaper of Ferocious Affinity now grants +15% of your Max Mana as Elemental Damage instead of +20%%.
* The Most Powerful Reaper now has +1% Reaper Damage Multiplier per level instead of +2%.
* Reaper of the Sharpshooter now fire +3 Additional Projectiles instead of +2 while Idle.
* Reaper of the Larva/Chrysalis/Butterfly: Movement Speed multiplier is not 0.3% per level instead of 0.5%.
* The Ancestral Legacy Reaper: Power Crystals now deal 100% Elemental Damage instead of 30%.
* Reaper of the Goldfish/Magnificent Leviathan: Skills now have a 60 second Cooldown.
* Primordial Reaper of the Goldfish/Magnificent Leviathan: The Primordial Malediction now only prevents you from benefiting from Attributes' Greater Traits instead of all Traits.

  
  

**The Mighty Knight**
---------------------

  

* Practice Makes Perfect's Critical Strike Chance is now +0.5% per rank instead of +1%.
* Miracle: Call of the Wild now fires 6 Additional Projectiles instead of 10.
* Triple Fun now has +10%+2% per rank to fire +2 Additional Projectiles, and 100% Chance is the cast is Fortunate or Perfect instead of +2 Additonal Projectiles and +4 if Fortunate or Perfect.
* Upheaval Strike's Silence duration has been increased to 1 second, from 0.5 seconds.
* Shining Star's Blind duration has been increased to 8 second, from 4 seconds.
* Friendly Knight now has increased Critical Strike Damage equal to the highest Level among The Fierce Huntress and The Mischievous Mage instead of the total of both.
* To Glory now increases the Luck by 2 instead of 3.
* Never Skip Leg Day now has +10%+3% Chance to Stun instead of 30%+3% Chance.
* Static Vortex no longer removes Whirlwind's CD.

  
  

**The Fierce Huntress**
-----------------------

  

* So Many Arrows now costs 64+64 Mana instead of 31+31.
* Heavy Rain now deals +15% Increased Damage instead of +30%.
* Backstab now deals 0%+2% Increased Damage instead of 0%+3%.
* Punishing Fence now grants 25%+5% Critical Strike Damage instead of 50%+10%.
* The Weight of Sorrow now grants 10+6 Life on Hit instead of 5+2.
* Know your Enemy now grants 5+3% Projectile Damage Reduction instead of 10+4%
* Superior Endless Quiver now grants +2 Additional Projectiles and another +3 Additional Projectiles when Tormented, instead of +5 Additional Projectiles (at max rank).

  
  

**The Mischievous Mage**
------------------------

  

* Experienced Battlemage now grants Critical Strike Damage equal to half the level of The Mischievous Mage instead of being equal to the level of The Mischievous Mage.
* Protective Ray now deals 15%+3% Elemental Damage instead of 5%+2%.
* Concentrated Ray now deals 30%+7% Increased Damage instead of 60%+24%.
* Prismatic Ray: Side Rays now deal 50% Reduced Damage.
* Autobiography now grants Ancestral Strike Damage based on the number of fully upgrades Passives and Upgrades instead of twice that number.
* Reap what you Sow now grants +0.5% Mana Max per rank instead of +1% and 2+1 Mana Regen instead of 1+2. Reap what you Sow no longer counts multiple times enemies in range of multiple breaches.
* Gravitational Force now costs 249 Mana instead of 0.
* Rifts of Oblivion now costs 0 Mana instead of 27+27 per rank.
* Orb of the Obliteration Master now only casts a single Orb regardless of Additional Projectiles.
* Orb of the Temporal Master now only casts a single Orb regardless of Additional Projectiles.
* Arcanic Leyline now grants 10%+2% Increased Area Size instead of 10%+3%.
* Remnant Clouds now deal 25%+10% Elemental Damge instead of 10%+4%.
* Mana Protection now grants Armor equal to 5%+3% of your Mana Max instead 0%+2%.

  
  
**Changes on Clones**  

* Skills cast by Arcane Clones now cost you Mana as if you were casting them.
* Arcanic Delegation now costs 54 Mana instead of 18.
* Clone of Obliteration now costs 306 Mana instead of 116.
* Temporal Representant now costs 300 Mana instead of 100.
* Pulsating Clone now costs 174 Mana instead of 58.
* Orb of the Arcane Clone now costs 612 Mana instead of 204.
* Defensive Clone now costs 126 Mana instead of 0.

  
  

**Legendaries**
---------------

  

* You now have to deal damage to enemies hit to trigger Golden Fleece of Midos and not just hit them.
* Inextricable Torment now reduces the damage by 10% (+0.5% per Reinforcement Level) instead of 40%+2%, it increased the Attack Speed of enemies by 50%+5% instead of 40%+0% in a 4 yard radius instead of 2.
*Inextricable Waistguard was initially designed for Thorns/Retaliation builds, and not as a defensive item. Hence the changes.*
  
  
  

**Additional Balance Changes**
------------------------------

  

* Inner Fire's base Damage has been increased to 50% Skill Damage from 25%.
* Overdrive's base Damage has been increased to 60% Skill Damage from 30%.
* Projectiles can no longer Pierce AND Fork. A Projectile will try to trigger the highest stat first, and try to trigger the second stat only if the first has failed.

  
  

Early Game Life Regeneration Changes
====================================

  

To ensure that it is a bit easier for new players to recover Life at the early stages of the game, we've made the following additions:  

+ The Mighty Knight now has +2 Life Regeneration at Level 1.
+ The Fierce Huntress now has +1 Life on Hit at Level 1.
+ The Mischievous Mage now has +3 Life on Kill at Level 1.

  
  

Bugs Fixes
==========

  
**Crashes:**  
- Fixed a rare crash when using Huntress' Turret  
- Fixed a rare crash when using Autobiography from Book Smash while dying  
- Fixed a rare crash occuring when rapidly casting skills  
  
**Bugs:**  
- Sound FXs have been improved in Town (and should be quieter).  
- The FPS drop when opening the Traits menu should no longer occur.  
- You can no longer open your inventory right before the Expedition result menu and lose rewards.  
  
  
**Knight:**  
- Astral Meteor's tooltip now displays 1.5 yard radius instead of 3.  
- Elder Lance's Elder Raid should now work properly.  
- Elder Lance should now properly work with Fury's level 45 Attribute.  
  
**Huntress:**  
- The first Skill on each Floor should now affect Serenity.  
- The Huntress should no longer remain untouchable after casting Tumble.  
- Arrow Shot triggered by Evasive Fire should now behave like a regular Arrow Shot (and inherited Additional Projectiles).  
  
**Mage:**  
- Clones will no longer stop working when Totem Increased Effect is too damn high.  
- Ray of Obliteration's Sound FX should properly stop after The Necromancer boss.  
  
Have fun!

# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/4093189984234122318" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>