---
title: "The Slorm Temple Update is now live!"
date: 2021-07-31 10:57:47 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, Updates]
tags: [patch_notes, update]
author: ashmore
---
Hello everyone!  
  
This is it! After a bit of a delay compared to what we anticipated, the first content update of our Early Access is now live.  
  
As we've mentioned in our previous [Slormite Chronicle](https://steamcommunity.com/games/1104280/announcements/detail/3001068340432514994), we had to work on a lot on technical stuff to make sure everyone could play The Slormancer properly. So we had to cut our update in half to offer new content for July as promised.  
  
From now on, future updates should be closer together and mostly focused on content for a while.  
  
The Slorm Temple:
-----------------

  
This update brings The Slorm Temple as the first "true" endgame content. It is still in a raw form and will be polished along the way. We plan to add bossed and various events to it but we feel like it is a nice and different challenge to what the regular Battlefield Expedition offers.  
  
We've covered what to expect in The Slorm Temple here in our latest [Slormite Chronicle](https://steamcommunity.com/games/1104280/announcements/detail/3001068340432514994) if you haven't read it. If you don't want to spoil yourself, the only thing you need to know if you're already deep into the game is that you will have to unlock Olorin, The Archmage during Expeditions, just like Friedrich or Rick Manalan. The prerequisite to unlock Olorin is to be at least level 23. Once you found him, he will guide you through the various steps to get to The Slorm Temple.  
  
  
Breach Events:
--------------

  
The second big change is what we called "Breach Events". Basically, it adds various challenges and random encounters to regular Breaches. Now Breaches can:  
- spawn multiple **Waves** of enemies before closing.   
- be **Cataclysmic** and add a random modifier to your run until you close enough Breaches to get rid of it.  
- be **Exalted** and grant you a random super strong bonus for a short duration.  
  
This is a first step toward making Expeditions less boring over time.  
  
  
New Enemies:
------------

  
This update also brings 5 new enemies that were designed to be a bit more mechanically challenging.  
If you're new to the game, they will be unlocked through Influence earned via Expeditions. However, if your Influence is already high enough at the moment of the update, all 5 enemies will be instantly available.  
  
  
**Changes:**  
We've also taken the opportunity to make a few changes to some mechanics:  
- The pool of enemies is now changed every Floor during a Battlefied Expedition  
- Retaliation Damage is now based on Damage dealt BEFORE any kind of damage reduction (so getting Armor or Resistances is no longer counter-intuitive to Retaliation builds)  
  
The Mighty Knight:   
- Mastering Retaliation now reads: "Damage received after damage mitigation is now added to Retaliation Damage."  
  
  
Bugs Fixed:
-----------

  
The Fierce Huntress:  
- Bad Medicine should now work properly, even on Elemental Damage.  
  
Bugs:  
- Dealing Damage with Arcane Breach should no longer trigger particles all over the area  
- Looting lots of gold should no longer slow your FPS down  
- Fixed a bug where the Influence bar would fill more than its frame after reaching Influence 100.  
- Fixed a bug where Extracting a Slormite from a Tier 16+ Item didn't work  
- Fixed an issue with some Breach compositions spawning enemies outside the room  
  
Crashs:  
- Fixed a crash when hovering over the Sort button while at Jemma's store  
- Fixed a rare crash occuring when switching class WHILE casting a skill  
  
  
**Note for Chinese users:**  
To release this update faster, we've skipped the translation of the new content. Our plan is to get this and our next update translated at the same time. Sorry for the inconvenience! It should not take that long.  
  
  
**Final Note:**  
One more thing, I (Ashmore) am all alone at the time of this update and for a bit of time because HyonD is going to be a bit busy on a very important side project. We're not going to get into detail but let's just say the Slormite family just got bigger! Congrats my dude!  
  
  
Have fun everyone!  


# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/4038025597318242313" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>