---
title: "The Slormancer: Hotfix 0.1.9727"
date: 2021-04-16 10:04:45 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, Hotfix]
tags: [patch_notes, hotfix]
author: ashmore
---
Hi everyone!  
For today's patch, we've worked on the last crashes that we've found and most importantly, on Performance. It's quite far from over but that's a start.  
We've also been working on Out of Memory issues. It was a complex matter that took me a bit of time, so I didn't had the time to work/fix on a lot of other things.  
  
**Crashes:**  
- Fixed a crash occuring when a Boulder would fall while dying  
- Fixed a crash occuring when casting Ray of Obliteration for too long  
- Fixed a crash when looking at Ancestral Skills with Swift Wings of Hermesal Equipped  
- Fixed a crash when closing the Blacksmith with an item being crafted  
- Fixed a crash when throwing an item away at the Blacksmith  
  
**Perfomances:**  
- Drastically Improved FPS on Orb of the Temporal Master.  
- Drastically Improved FPS on Floating Damage Numbers / XP Numbers / Gold Numbers.  
- I used the word Drastically twice, so it has to be better.  
-> Much more to come later on.  
  
**Out of Memory Issues:**  
- Fixed Memory Leaks here and there that should greatly reduce the number of "Out of Memory" crashes.  
- The game should no longer slow down during extended periods of gametime (or at least much less).  
  
**Attributes:**  
- Dexterity: Rank 60 should now properly work.  
  
**Huntress:**  
- Sharpened Blades now create Ravenous Daggers when hitting a wall.  
- Ravenous Daggers coming back at you also trigger Ravenous Swirl.  
- You should no longer get stuck in environment while using Tumble.  
  
**Mage:**  
- Clones casting Orb of the Arcane Master will now be casted at the correct place when using a controller.  
- When using Rapidcast, you can no longer cast Ray of Obliteration while casting the clone (same for Arcane Barrier).  
- Arcane Clones should now keep casting when their target is out of screen range.  
- Arcane Clones should now properly attack when close to walls.  
- Wall of Omen should now stop expanding indefinitely.  
  
**Balance:**  
- "Shadow Repercussion" now starts its Cooldown once its effect is over.  
- Rebound no longer resets the duration of the Projectile after the first Rebound.  
- Some Auras, such as "Air Conditioner" are now capped to no longer benefit more than 100% Aura/Area Increased Effect (Air Conditioner being the only one right now).  
  
**Extras:**  
- You can now take a screenshot via Steam.  
- You can move up and down Friedrich's store with Mouse-Wheel.

# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/4570566564994658298" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>