---
title: "The Slormancer: Hotfix 0.1.09"
date: 2021-04-07 17:19:13 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, Hotfix]
tags: [patch_notes, hotfix]
author: ashmore
---
Hello everyone!  
  
First, we wanted to thank everyone for trying out The Slormancer. We really hope that you are having fun, despite the delayed launch and some very annoying bugs.  
  
The number of players who tried the game between yesterday and today is FAR beyond what we anticipated and we are doing our best to read all your comments and help you as fast as possible. That being said, there are only two of us. So we're trying to prioritize bugs that are preventing people from playing before fixing the smaller issues.  
  
  

Black Screen on startup
=======================

  
Our first goal is to solve the black screen at startup problem that affects a number of you. We have some ideas but we are not sure how effective our changes will be as this is a hardware issue that we cannot reproduce.  
  
If you have been subject to this bug, please let us know if this update has made a difference.  
If not, we will try something else.  
  
Thank you for your patience.  
  
  

Solved Crashes & Issues
=======================

  
- UI: Fixed a bug where players could no longer interact with the main menu.  
- UI: Fixed a crash when checking the Tooltip of Steady Arm (Chinese)  
- UI: (Not Sure) Fixed an issue that prevented the game from properly closing  
  
- Grappling Hook: Fixed a Crash with Determination  
- Mage: Fixed a crash when taking damage :o  
- Ray of Obliteration: Fixed a crash when using it for too long :)  
- Chrono-Puncture: Fixed a crash when triggering Puncturing Nightmare   
- Book Smash: Fixed a crash when leaving a room with Book Smash in the air  
- Legendary: Primordial Crusade: Fixed a crash when triggering the Effect  
- Reaper of Vindictive Slam: Fixed a crash when the effect triggered on a dead enemy.  
  
- Mission 10: Fixed a bug where you could loot the keys multiple times.  
- Mission 12/13: Fixed a Crash when switching classes after leaving the mission  
- Mission 12/13: Fixed a bug where you could get back to Main Menu and still play the class to unlock  
  
- Expeditions: Fixed a crash when trying to get back to the village from expedition  
  
- Fixed a Soft Lock when using Time Warp + Change of Heart  
  
  

What's next
===========

  
In the following days, we will try to take down the last remaining bugs and crashes so we have a healthy game. Once, we're all set and once everyone can play the game, we will address other important issues require a bit of work, such as:  
- An option to increase Font Size  
- Support for larger Resolutions and Wide screens  
  
  
Thanks again for your patience.  
  
And remember that you've been playing the worst version of the game, and that it will only get better from now on. We really hope that you're having fun anyway!

# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/4117954072995480875" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>