---
title: "The Slormancer: Hotfix 0.2.14"
date: 2021-08-02 12:32:48 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, Hotfix]
tags: [patch_notes, hotfix]
author: ashmore
---
Hello everyone!  
  
**Bugs Fixes**  
I've published a serie of small hotfixes that were meant to fix various bugs created by The Slorm Temple Update. This one should fix the final crashes that were remaining and the most important bugs.  
Some minor issues are still present and should be fixed within the week.  
  
**Steam Cloud Issues**  
I found out that since the introduction of The Slorm Temple Update, Steam Cloud wasn't working properly anymore. **Your saves are currently only saved locally.**  
  
I'm sorry about this but please note, that I'm working on a patch to restore Steam Cloud as soon as possible with a proper and safe way to manage local and cloud saves.  
  
However, if you want to move your save files to a different computer, you can find them here:  
*C:/Users/<Your Username>/AppData/Local/The\_Slormancer*  
You're looking for the file called save\_1.  
  
Also, if you want to get your saves back from Steam Cloud because you are a returning player and you are playing on a new computer, you can download your saves directly from Steam Cloud here:  
<https://store.steampowered.com/account/remotestorage>  
And paste the files there: *C:/Users/<Your Username>/AppData/Local/The\_Slormancer*  
  
If for some reason you can't get your save back or you think that you lost your progress, contact me on Discord, on our server: <https://discord.com/invite/tkYxSuB>.   
I will most likely be able to help you out.

# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/4038025597325761077" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>