---
title: "The Slormancer: Hotfix 0.2.061"
date: 2021-07-01 09:21:15 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, Hotfix]
tags: [patch_notes, hotfix]
author: ashmore
---
Hi everyone!  
  
We've been working on new content for our upcoming Major Update lately but we've had reports of a few annoying bugs that needed to be fixed.  
  
**BUGS:**  
- Breaking Pots and Graves should no longer reduce your FPS  
- You should no longer get stuck in walls when opening a Breach  
  
**MINOR BUGS:**  
*The Slormancer can sometimes be flagged as a spyware or ask you to Check File Integrity since the 0.2 build. That is caused by an extension we use for the "Lock cursor to Screen" option. If you are not using said option, you can disable the flagged file "display\_mouse\_lock\_x64.dll", the game should run fine without it.  
We should have a solution for it soon.*  
  
Legendaries:  
- Using Shackles of the Forest should no longer crash the game  
  
Ancestral Legacy:  
- Burning Shadow: The "%" should now appear in the cost  
  
Attributes:  
- Zeal 15: should no longer affect the Mana Lock cost of Auras  
  
The Fierce Huntress:  
- The Awoken should now work properly with Immortal Arrow's Fulfilling Moments  
- Fist of the Wild: Windsurfer: Unequipping the Upgrade should now properly remove the Buff.  
- Stab's Backstab now displays the correct Damage  
  
**QUALITY OF LIFE ADDITIONS:**  
- Auto Pickup radius has been doubled.  
- There is now a "Sort" button in your Inventory (that, well… sorts your inventory)  
- For clarity, while crafting at Friedrich's, Stats that can't be rolled because they already appear on your Item are now shown in grey.  
  
That's not much since we're focused on actual additional content lately, but these are the few things I felt were relevant and not too time consuming on our side.  
  
  
We'll be back on July 6 for our Slormite Chronicles #3 and a lot more infos on what's to come, and when it's coming.  
  
Have a good day everyone!

# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/4032392655088335960" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>