---
title: "The Slormancer: Hotfix 0.1.093"
date: 2021-04-08 18:06:34 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, Hotfix]
tags: [patch_notes, hotfix]
author: ashmore
---
Hello everyone.  
  
Bugs Fixed
==========

  
- Fixed a crash when Reinforcing an Item above +15  
- Fixed a crash when dropping back an Item from Reinforcement  
- Fixed a crash that could occur when casting any sort of skill during a transition  
- Fixed a bug sometimes preventing players from equipping gear because of an unsufficiant level  
- Fixed a crash when tooltiping a Movement skill with Swift Wings of Hermesal equipped  
- Fixed a crash when the number of victims in a single floor was too great  
- Fixed a rare crash when moving through a portal with Click to Move  
- Fixed a crash with the Ancestral Legacy Reaper during a transition  
- Fixed a crash that occured when leaving mission 12 or 13 to main menu  
- Fixed a crash when merging slormites or salvaging at the Blacksmith  
  
- Fixed a Freeze when Tumbling next to a wall with the upgrade "Booby Trap"  
- Fixed a Freeze when using Smoke Screen next to a wall with the upgrade "Double Smoggy Traps"  
- DAMN YOU TRAPS!  
  
- Fixed an issue making the Mage invisible after a Time Warp  
- Fixed an issue where enemies could be Knocked back outside of their Room  
  
- Elder Lances should no longer trigger forks.  
- Reaper of the Manabender no longer triggers an Explosion tied to its Primordial Form  
  
"Balance"
=========

  
- Primordial Reaper of the Sharpshooter: Additional Projectile Multiplier reduced from 100% to 50%  
- Not So Lost no longer deals damage to enemies affected by Lost In Time.  
  
Black Screen Issues: Round 2
============================

  
We've tried a bunch of changes in the game that may or may not work out.  
We're still investigating the issue.  
  
In the meantime, here's what you can try. It worked for others, might as well for you:  
**Solution A:**  
Go to Users>Username>AppData>Local>The\_Slormancer and open the config.ini file.  
For the line "fs", set the value to "1".  
For the line "res", set it to "1".  
It should open up the game in a small window where you will then be able to access settings and set your own resolution.  
  
**Solution B:**  
Run Windows Troubleshooter and use Windows 8 compatibility mode.  
  
**Solution C:**  
If on a laptop, force the use of the Nvidia GC instead of the integrated one.  
  
If you have a Black Screen issue, please comment below with a few informations:  
1/ Screen Resolution  
2/ OS  
3/ Graphic Card  
4/ Are you on a laptop?  
5/ Let us know what solution you tried and if it worked or not.  
We're trying to narrow the problem.  
Thanks for your patience.  


# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/4117954072999239351" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>