---
title: "Hotfix 0.3.107"
date: 2022-02-07 11:51:11 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, Hotfix]
tags: [patch_notes, hotfix]
author: ashmore
---
Hello everyone!  
  
**0% Pure Stats**  
- The issue with 0% Pure Stats on equipment has been resolved and should no longer occur.  
- This also includes stats that were Locked on your equipment after loading the game.  
  
Items with this issue have been restored:  
- Unless I missed something, 0% Pure Stats were not Pure Stat from the start, and only became Pure Stat (at 0%) because of said bug, so your stat should be restored to its Non-Pure Stat version.  
- Stats that were Locked to your item should also be unlocked.  
  
If you're still having issues, please let me know.  
  
**Major Bugs:**  
- Fixed a crash occuring when being hit by a trap with Emergency Nova equipped.  
  
**Slorm Reapers:**  
- Reaper of Concentrated Inner Strength should now deal the proper amount of damage.  
- Concentration should now work properly and display the correct icon.  
- Totem from Slormandrite Reaper of the Shaman should no longer benefit from additional projectiles.  
- Inner Fires should no longer trigger the sound of Wall of Omen  
  
**Extras**  
- Treasure Chests should now properly spawn in The Mage Academy.  
- Minions should no longer benefit from Cataclysms (this time it's for real).  
- Max Slormite, Slormeline and Fragments Stack size has been increased to almost infinity.  
- Skill behavior change: You now have to release the button used to cast a Skill inherited from a Reaper or a Legendary before being able to cast it again. This was made to prevent multiple and accidental casts with high Attack Speed.  
  
**Enemies**  
- Elite Witchs should cast slower, so that the seal remains avoidable.  
- Witches' Seals should now properly appear in The Slorm Temple.  
  
That's it for now!  
Cheers!

# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/4235074931861291340" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>