---
title: "Hotfix 0.3.106"
date: 2022-02-01 11:01:19 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, Hotfix]
tags: [patch_notes, hotfix]
author: ashmore
---
Hello everyone!  
  
**Bug Fixes:**  
- Players that couldn't start The Slormancer due to compatibility issues with Windows 7 should now be able to. Please let me know if this is working properly as I have no way to test this myself.  
  
- Fixed a crash when entering the Slorm Temple with the Elder Reaper of the Slorm Temple.  
- Fixed a rare crash occuring when entering Expeditions.  
  
**Pure Reaper of the Temple Keeper:**  
- The Mini-Keeper now properly disappears when you unequip the Reaper.  
- Now properly scales on Minion Increased Damage and Totem Increased Effect.  
- Now also properly scale with Aura Increased Effect.  
- Primordial Increased Effect now also properly work.  
- **Balance Change:** Now deals Elemental Damage equal to 5% of the enemy's Max Life (instead of 20%).  
Because we're reintroducing proper scaling to the Slorm Reaper, you should get back to the same result as you used to by simply leveling up the Reaper since the Mini-Keeper now benefits from Minion Increased Damage and Totem Increased Effect while in a Totem form.  
Basically, it's no longer 20% from the start, which was a bit too much of a gift, but you can easily get back to it, and go beyond with the proper build.  
That being said, this Slorm Reaper is probably still a bit too strong. We just want to see how things go now that all of its effects are working.  
  
**Other Reapers:**  
- Arcane Phalanx and Arcane Sovereign should no longer affect the Totem from the Slormandrite Staff of the Shaman.  
  
**Extras:**  
- Your own Minions should no longer be affected by Cataclysms.  
- Slormite & Slormandrite can now stack up to 999 999.  
- Fixed a couple of typos.  
  
**Enemies:**  
- Witches now cast their seal 75% faster and have about 30% more Life as they felt a bit underwhelming and easy to dodge.  
  
  
That's it for now!  
Cheers!  
  
  


# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/4237326104337218241" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>