---
title: "The Luxuriant Update, Part I is now available!"
date: 2022-11-14 09:34:21 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, Updates]
tags: [patch_notes, update]
author: ashmore
---
Hello everyone!  
  
The Luxuriant Update Part I is now avaliable!
=============================================

  
  
To be clear (before anyone asks): This Update does introduce a new Environment: "The Luxuriant Gardens", but does not introduce a new Act or new Missions.  
  
Now onto the Patch Notes:  
  
New Enemies
-----------

  
5 new foes will strengthen the armies of The Slormancer:  
* **The Pudding Hermit**.
* **The Zombie Peasant**.
* **The Shepherd**.
* **The Unstable Imp**.
* **The Plague Doctor**.

  
New Environment
---------------

  
A new environment: **The Luxuriant Gardens** will be available in Battlefield Expeditions.  
  
Superior Elites
---------------

  
* Superior Elites have been added into the game. These Elites will have a chance to spawn in Battlefield Expeditions. They have a superior Life pool and come with up to 4 Elite Affixes.
* 20 Elite Affixes have been added.

  
New Cataclysms
--------------

  
5 new Cataclysms have been added into the game:  
* Fire Strike: Granting Fire Damage to attacks and a Chance to Burn.
* Ice Strike: Granting Ice Damage to attacks and a Chance to Chill.
* Lightning Strike: Granting Lightning Damage to attacks and a Chance to Shock.
* Light Strike: Granting Light Damage to attacks and a Chance to apply Daze, Broken Armor, Broken Elemental Resistance or Slow.
* Shadow Strike: Granting Shadow Damage to attacks and a Chance to apply Shadow Confusion.

  
Cataclysm Changes
-----------------

  
* Assimilation: The wording of "Assimilation" has been changed to "Enemies receive X% Decreased Damage for each yard between you and them." (instead of the "damage's source").
* Assimilation: Regardless of the distance, enemies affected by "Assimilation" will now always receive at least 10% of the Damage dealt.
* Reincarnation: In Battlefield Expeditions, enemies now have 25% Chance to be revived (instead of 100%).
* Shadow Curse: After receiving Shadow Curse Damage, you become immune to Shadow Curses for 1 seconds.
* Replicant: Enemies now have 30% Chance to summon a copy of themselves (instead of 100%).
* Jetlag: Has been reworked and now reads: Every second, enemies have 10% Chance to become Invulnerable for 0.5 to 2 seconds.
* Explosive: Enemies now explode after 3 seconds, instead of 1.5 seconds. And the explosion now deals damage based on Base Max Life instead of actual Max Life.
*We talked about a 5 second delay in The Slormite Chronicles but changed it back to something a little more challenging after further testing.*
  
Life / Mana Leech Reworks
-------------------------

  
* Life & Mana are now Leeched over a 5 second duration.
* Life & Mana stored over time cannot exceed your missing Life. The excess is not stored.
* There is also a Leech cap of 1% of your Max Life per second per Leech instance (excepted for Primordial Aiondee) but no instance limit.

  
Craft Reworks
-------------

  
**Life/Mana On Hit/Kill**  
* Life Regeneration rolls (on a Level 60 Epic Item) have been increased from 11-23 to 23-46.
* Life on Hit / Mana on Hit rolls (on a Level 60 Epic Item) have been increased from 2-4 to 11-23.
* Life on Kill / Mana on Kill rolls (on a Level 60 Epic Item) have been increased from 15-30 to 30-61.

  
**Alternate Slormeline Recipes**  
We've added alternate Recipes for Magic, Rare, Epic and Legendary Slormelines: Slormelines can now be crafted using 10 Slormelines of the previous tier.  
  
**Epic Stats**  
* Epic Stats are now chosen from a pool of 38 Stats instead of 78.
* These Stats differ depending on the current Equipment you're trying to craft.

  
Slorm Reaper Changes
--------------------

  
* Primordial Reaper of Vindictive Slam: Holy Ground can no longer stack above each other.
If a Holy Ground area was supposed to stack on top of another, it refreshes the duration of the other instead and increases its damage.
*This change was done to drastically reduce the noise onscreen and improve performance.*  
  
The Great Forge
---------------

  
* Obelisk of Transmutation now reads: "While Obelisk of Transmutation is active, everytime an enemy dies, it restores Life equal to its Max Life to another random enemy." instead of "to all other enemies within a 5 yard radius."

  
The Slorm Temple
----------------

  
* The Temple Keeper and his Traps should be slower overall on Floor 100 and Floor 150.
* Bridges from The Slorm Temple should rise faster.
* The size of each floor has been reduced by about 30 to 40%.
* Pure Slorm rewards for each floor remain about the same, so Pure Slorm should be 30 to 40% faster to acquire.
* The value of random Pure Slorm drops have been multiplied by 6 and now properly scale with the Floor Level.
* The Pure Slorm rewards of Floor 50, 100 and 150 are now properly displayed.
* The Pure Slorm rewards from Floor 50, 100 and 150 have been reduced by 40%.

  
Bugs Fixed
----------

  
**The Mighty Knight:**  
- Critical Retribution should now properly increase Critical Strike Chance.  
- Porcupine should now properly increase Critical Strike Chance.  
- Effects affecting your "next Skill" such as Exposed Armor will now properly end when Whirlwind ends.  
  
**The Fierce Huntress:**  
- Fairy Dust should now properly avoid Shadow Seal Damage from the Shadow Curse Cataclysm.  
- Wandering Arrow should now trigger properly after changing rooms.  
  
**Slorm Reapers:**  
- Reaper of the Untouchable: Untouchable Dash should no longer allow you to move outside the map.  
- Reaper of Retaliating Foresight should no longer trigger on friendlies.  
- Primordial Reaper of the Trainee should now properly scale with Affinity.  
- Fixed a crash with Reaper of Alpha and Omega.  
- Reaper of Necromancy / Reaper of the Temple Keeper: Summons will now spawn properly after changing rooms.  
  
**Legendaries:**  
- Young Phoenix Feather should now properly work with Primordial Aiondee.  
  
**Runes:**  
- Thornbite Rune should now display the proper Shield value.  
*We are aware that some runes are currently overpowered. We were short on time to fix them in this Update but a fix is coming.*  
  
**Various:**  
- Storing then retrieving Spirits in your Stash should no longer cause them to stack in the Fragments slots.  
- Player's Area of Effects are now slightly more discrete and create less noise on screen.  
- Great Forge Challenges should no longer appear blurry.  
- Codex Menu should no longer move out of window.  
- Fixed a couple of crashes.  
  
**Synergy Loops:**  
- Added a global system to help prevent Loops.  
  
- Armor of Illusion (Armor -> Evasion)   
+ Indomitable Mountain (Evasion -> Armor):  
Armor of Illusion doesn't benefit from Armor gained with Indomitable Mountain.  
  
- Evasive Magic (Evasion -> Max Mana)   
+ Elemental Lock (Mana Lock (so Max Mana) -> Elemental Damage)   
+ Primordial Reaper of the Untouchable One (Elemental Damage -> Evasion):  
Evasive Magic doesn't benefit from Evasion gained with the SYNERGY of Primordial Reaper of the Untouchable One IF Elemental Lock is equipped.  
  
- Toughness 15 (Armor -> Elemental Resistance)  
+ Elemental Sorcerer (Elemental Resistance -> Elemental Damage)  
+ Primordial Reaper of the Untouchable One (Elemental Damage -> Evasion)  
+ Indomitable Mountain (Evasion -> Armor):  
Toughness 15 doesn't benefit from Armor gained with Indomitable Mountain IF Elemental Sorcerer and Primordial Untouchable One are equipped  
  
- Good Crop (Deals Damage based on Reaper Damage + Increase Raw Damage based on Damage dealt)  
+ Savagery 60 (Raw Damage -> Reaper Damage basically)  
Savagery 60 doesn't benefit from Raw Damage gained through Good Crop.  
  
**Performance:**  
- Improved performance when Area of Effects are hitting lots of enemies at once.  
- Improved performance when lots of Goldus coins are being displayed on screen.  
- Also improved performance everywhere else. :o  
  
As always, if you find a bug, post it on our Steam Forums or on Discord.  
Cheers!

# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/6368680725434905917" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>