---
title: "The Royal Update, Part II is now available!"
date: 2023-07-10 11:33:00 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, Updates]
tags: [patch_notes, update]
author: ashmore
---
Hello everyone!  
  
Act 5
=====

  
Act 5 has been added to The Slormancer. It is the final story act and is composed of 6 Missions leading to an (hopefully) Epic boss fight.  
  
New Ancestral Legacy Tier
=========================

  
A new Ancestral Stone will be available once Act 5 is completed, granting access to more than **20+** new Ancestral Skills.  
  
Increased Level Cap
===================

  
Level Cap has been increased to **80**.  
  
Loadouts
========

  
Loadouts have been added into The Slormancer and should be immediately accessible through the   
big dresser next to the Storage area.  
  
The Storage area has also been changed to be easier to navigate and look nicer.  
  
Changes
=======

  
The Royal Wing Update Part II also comes with a hefty list of changes.  
  
Changes to The Great Forge
--------------------------

  
[\*]You no longer have to wait for every enemy of a Wave to die before triggering the next one.  
Instead, you now only have to wait for the Wave to spawn before triggering the next one.  
Limitations:  
+ Up to 5 Waves can be active at once.
+ You won't be able to trigger a new Wave if 300 or more enemies are currently alive.

[\*]At the start of The Great Forge, you will now be offered with a new choice that will impact the spawn rate of the rest of the Expedition. You will now be able to open up to 6 Spawn Locations (instead of 2), thus increasing the spawn rate by up to 200%.  
Increasing the spawn rate has an Elder Slorm cost tied to it.
  
  
Changes to Armor & Elemental Resistance
---------------------------------------

  
Armor & Elemental Resistance have been completely reworked and should now be much more effective, and be equally useful against heavy or light hits.  
  
Since Armor is now pretty straightforward, the % value displayed below your Armor value under your Stats recap represents exactly what your Armor does at a given Wrath Level against ANY attack.  
  
**This rework also affects enemies. So be prepared to face enemies with actual Armor & Elemental Resistances.**  
  
For this reason, we've changed Wrath Modifiers to match this new efficiency.  
At Wrath 10, Armor & Elemental Resistance Multipliers are now 1000% instead of 2000%.  
  
We've also reduced the base Armor, Elemental Resistance and / or Life values of some enemies to better reflect the contrast we want for each of them.  
  
**We will adjust these values based on the feedback we get.**  
  
Changes to Silence
------------------

  
**Spellcasters:**  
Enemies are now split into various categories. One of them being “Spellcasters”.   
  
Silence now only affects Spellcasters enemies.  
List of Spellcasters can be found inside Silence’s tooltip but it's supposed to be obvious (Enemies casting spells).  
  
**The Mischievous Mage:**  
Shutdown now reads: Your Ancestral Strikes (instead of Critical Strikes) Silence enemies hit for the next 1 second.  
  
**Ancestral Legacy:**  
Gliterring Silence now silences for 0.5 (+0.1 per level) seconds, instead of 2 (+0.3 per level) seconds.   
  
**Exaltation of Silence** has been renamed to Exaltation of Bliss and does the following:  
Enemies within a 3 yard radius are Blinded, Rooted and Silenced.  
  
Changes to Legendaries
----------------------

  
  
**Legendary Reinforcement:**  
Legendary Effects can no longer benefit from Reinforcement Levels above **15**.  
  
It leaves a decent room to upgrade Equipment without allowing players to completely bypass any form of challenge or difficulty by upgrading some Legendary Effects to infinity and beyond.  
  
**Soul Eating Mantle** now reads: Damage over Time effects and Channeled Skills deal Additional Damage equal to 1% (+0.2% per Level) of the enemy's Max Life **per second** (instead of "per tick").  
  
Changes to Runes
----------------

  
**Activation Rune of Hagan**:  
Activation Rune of Hagan now triggers after 20 Ancestral Strikes instead of 12.  
Activation Rune of Hagan now reads:  
After you've dealt Ancestral Strike Damage 20 times (and up to 1 Ancestral Strike per second), you trigger your Effect Rune.  
  
**Thornbite Rune** now reads:  
You gain Thornbite Protection that shields you from the next X Incoming Damage.  
Thornbite Protection is equal to 15% of the sum of your Armor, Elemental Resistance and Evasion.  
Thornbite Protection cannot excess X. The limit is equal to 150% of the sum of your Armor, Elemental Resistance and Evasion.  
  
**Rune of the Nimble Warrior** now grants (at max rank):  
* 45% Critical Strike Damage (instead of 75%)
* 150% Ancestral Strike Damage (instead of 225%)
* 45% Primary Skill Damage (instead of 75%)

  
**Enhancement Rune of Hagan** now grants (at max rank):  
* 180% Increased Effects (instead of 300%).
* 150% Constraint (instead of 225%)

  
Changes to New Player Experience
--------------------------------

  
  
A new dialogue is now available with Pr. Geranium when you loot your first Slorm Reaper, granting a new Legendary Item called "**Pr. Geranium's Amulet of Stimulation**".  
This Legendary Item has been designed to quickly use freshly looted Slorm Reapers.  
  
  
A new dialogue is now available with Pedro, The Gravedigger when you complete the third mission, granting a new Legendary Item called "**Signet Ring of the McRippeds**".  
This Item grants you a Skill that acts like a Potion.  
  
These Items can also be looted like any other Legendary Item.  
  
Changes to Cataclysms
---------------------

  
* The **Reconstruction** Effect will stop its Cooldown when an Invulnerability shield from the "Invulnerability" Cataclysm is active.
* **Regeneration** as a Battlefield Boss modifier now heals the boss every 10 seconds instead of granting Life Leech.

  
Bugs Fixes
==========

  
**The Mischievous Mage:**  
* Additional Projectiles should no longer reduce Projectile Damage from Arcane Missile while Arcane Sovereign is active.

  
**Legendary Items:**  
* Ancient Blacklight Talisman should now work properly.

  
**Controller:**  
* You can now properly rebind Menus keybinds.
* Not setting a keybind for your Inventory should no longer result in a crash.

  
**Various:**  
* Joane should no longer spawn with Chests when unlocking her for the first time.
* Leaving an Expedition while Frozen should properly remove the Frozen debuff.
* Click-to-Move should no longer crash the game when playing "The Storage" Mission in Act II.

  
That's about it for now!  
Cheers!  


# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/5124582150170307627" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>