---
title: "The Encyclopedia Update is now available!"
date: 2024-03-19 09:29:57 +0100
categories: [Patches Notes, Updates]
tags: [patch_notes, update]
author: ashmore
---
Hello everyone!  
  
The Encyclopedia Update (v.0.8.0) is now available!  
  

Codex
-----

  

* A Codex has been added to the game and should answer the most frequently asked questions regarding most mechanics.
* Stats Tooltips have been added, displaying current value and valuable informations to all the stats that may appear on Skills or Upgrades.

  
*If you feel like an entry is missing an important information, please let us know. After working on the game for so long, we lost track of what is easy to understand and what is not.*  
  

Achievements
------------

  

* A little over 200 Achievements have been added to The Slormancer.
* Steam Achievements will be added later (for the 1.0 release).

  
*There are quite a few values that were not tracked before adding Achievements so there are a few Achievements that will be starting at 0.*  
  

Profile Menu
------------

  

* The Profile Menu has been reworked to look more modern and better reflect the actual content of the game.

  
  

Click to Move
-------------

  

* Click to Move has been reworked and should feel more natural to use.
* The Click to Move key can now be rebind.
* Aiming should be more precise and now come with visual feedback.

  
  

Performance
-----------

  
We've done numerous changes that should drastically improve the performances of the game. That being said, new issues might arise from all these changes (basically, we might have broken something).  
If so, please let us know.  
  
And since we've made changes to how the game compiles and executes, there is a small possibility that it just no longer works on your setup. If so, let us know as soon as possible so we'll be able to work things out.  
  
We've done a great deal of changes yet there are some things remaining that may cause the game to slow down, if you happen to find one, please let me know (such as when equipping this X Legendary Item or that Y Upgrade).  
  
Even though everything should work much faster, the game can still be quite demanding for the more modest configs. On your side, you can disable Damage Numbers and / or Lifebars, both of these can take a toll on performance when many enemies are being displayed. Enabling the "Low FX" option from the Settings menu also helps a lot.  
  

Bugs
----

  
**Slorm Reaper**  

* Fixed a crash with Primordial Reaper of Time and Space.
* Changed the lore of Reaper of the Spider Nest to match its Reapersmith.
* Relevant Projectiles should now properly rebound when hitting the edges of the screen when Reaper of the Spider Nest is equipped.
* Changed the lore of Reaper of Support to match its Reapersmith.
* In The Great Forge, Imps should no longer be locked outside the Area when using Slasha.

  
  
**Various**  

* Using "Sort Inventory" should no longer mess with Loadouts.
* Blazing Fireball now add the correct amount of stacks.
* Opening Random Boxes with Jemma with a Controller should no longer lock you out of the menu under specific circumstances.
* In The Great Forge, the "War Chest Quantity is equal to War Chest Quality" reward should now work properly.
* You should no longer be able to use an exploit allowing you to unlock all Slorm Reapers through the campaign.
* Imps should now behave properly when Slowed or Chilled.

  
  
That's about it for now!  
Cheers!  

# <a href="https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/7309977427452362204" target="_blank">Check out the original news</a>