---
title: "Target Farming"
date: 2025-05-14 12:00:00 +0100
categories: [New player guides, Farming]
tags: [builds, 1.0.x, farming, blitzy]
author: blitzy
---

# Reaper

Most reapers cannot be target farmed. They drop randomly after closing breaches or clearing Slorm Temple rooms. Check this [section](?tab=t.vqaz9urzcfli) for more tips.

# Influence

Influence can only be earned through closing breaches in the Battlefield (and possibly in the Netherworld). Check this [section](?tab=t.vqaz9urzcfli) for more tips.

# Ultimatum

Ultimatums are unlocked every 10 floors in the Slorm Temple.

# Rune

Runes are unlocked by defeating the Siege Leader in the Great Forge. Check this [section](?tab=t.6hhpfop58fw1#heading=h.c0oq14abngbj) for more tips.

# Goldus

The best way to farm Goldus is by running the Great Forge. Y**ou can sell your excess Slormites, Slormeline, Slormandrite, Fragments, Equipment and Reapersmith Spirits to Jemma for Goldus.**  
Alternatively, you can consider making a [Goldus Farming Build](https://discord.com/channels/531482023102251018/1327791775045259438), Goldus find does not work in the forge, you can only use it to farm for Goldus in the Battlefield or Netherworld. I feel that this is overkill and you are better off farming in the Great Forge with a normal build which easily rewards you with multiple millions of Goldus per run (averaging 30min), as well as lots of different useful stuff which can also be sold for Goldus.

# Slorm

The best way to farm Slorm is by running the Great Forge which easily rewards you with more than a million Slorm per run. In the early/mid game at around level 40, you can farm at the Mage Academy 4 (Temppopotamus Bastion) campaign area for quick slorm.

# Elder Slorm

Elder slorm can be earned by killing elites in the Battlefield. You can also earn elder slorm in the Great Forge if you come across the reward that converts slorm earned into elder slorm.  
Alternatively, you can equip the slorm temple reaper (sold by olorin, cost 3000 pure slorm) which enables non-elite enemies to drop elder slorm.

# Pure Slorm

Pure Slorm can be earned in the Slorm Temple, or by salvaging items with pure stats. I do not recommend going through the hassle of looting and manually salvaging pure stats gear.  
You can equip the temple keeper reaper (drops from the floor 150 temple keeper) for an increased amount of pure slorm looted.

# Slormite

The best way to farm Slormite is by running the Great Forge. Jemma sells Slormites which are decently priced. You can merge and craft them at the Slormitizer (Rick).  
The hard core and laborious way of getting tier 14 slormite is through extraction. Enable showing of gear with reinforcement levels on your filter. You will reinforce these gear that dropped with reinforcement levels using your lower tier slormites and slormeline (and even slormandrite if you want to double reinforce) up to tier 14\. You will then extract tier 14 slormites out of them at the blacksmith. This gives you a better rate of a tier 13 slormite turning into a tier 14 slormite or a tier 12 slormite turning into a tier 14 slormite, when compared to the merging rate of 3 tier 13 slormites for a tier 14 slormite or 9 tier 12 slormites for a tier 14 slormite.

# Slormeline, Slormandrite and Fragments

The best way to farm these is by running the Great Forge. Turn on the filter auto conversion into fragments. Jemma sells them which are decently priced. You can merge and craft them at the Blacksmith.

# Reapersmith Spirits

The only way to farm these is by running the Great Forge. Once you are done upgrading the reaper runes ranks, slorm reaper affinities and forging reapers at Cory, you can sell the excess reapersmith spirits to Jemma for Goldus.

# Legendary equipment

Method 1  
If you have completed the second Adam Nostrus trial, you can easily hunt for your target legendary in the netherworld.

* Talk to Almerolis, select Netherworld, expand the map.  
* Search for your target legendary using the search box at the top right.  
* The list of possible rewards rerolls every time you clear a cataclysmic expedition or a warlord.  
  If the target legendary appears at a warlord you have yet to unlock, you can continue unlocking more cataclysms to reroll the rewards.  
  If the target legendary appears at a warlord you cannot defeat, you can continue unlocking more cataclysms or run the expedition that gives x2 nether charge to reroll the rewards.  
* There are 6 or 7 legendaries in the list of possible rewards. When you defeat the warlord, 3 listed legendary possible rewards will appear in the reward options. You can reroll them for the other 3 listed legendaries possible rewards to appear. This means that you should always prepare at least 300 000 slorm before you fight a warlord to get the legendary you want.

Method 2

* Farm in the forge  
* Prioritise rewards that grant: Goldus \> War Chest Quantity \> War Chest Quality \> Equipment Quality \> Slormeline Quality \> Fragment Quality  
* Craft legendary slormeline at the blacksmith using rare & epic fragments and slormelines.  
* Add legendary effect to your equipment at the blacksmith.  
* Reforge the legendary effect to your desired effect at the blacksmith.

I recommend the second method as it does not require you to recraft and re-reinforce your gear from zero when compared to finding the correct legendary and crafting it up again.

Method 3  
Farm in Battlefield expeditions with bosses (select battlefield journey using the left arrow). This is the slowest, and you will get random legendary drops which is extremely rng heavy.

# Nether equipment

Nether equipment can only be found in the netherworld. You can clear cataclysmic expeditions to gain nether charge, nether charge will increase your chance to find a nether equipment when defeating a warlord. Nether charge resets to 0 upon finding a nether equipment.

# Pure stats equipment

Equipment can drop with pure stats from anywhere in the game. The only way to target farm for the pure stats you need is by farming in the netherworld. Use the search bar at the top right of the expanded netherworld view to search for the expedition that increases the drop chance of the pure stat you are looking for. Remember to cap your pure stat max score and chance upgrades at Olorin. Do this in the primordial version if possible, and at the hall of mimicking dead or the chamber of resurrected shadows.
