---
title: "Gear Reinforcement past +14"
date: 2025-05-14 12:00:00 +0100
categories: [New player guides, Reinforcement]
tags: [crafting, 1.0.x, blitzy]
author: blitzy
---

**Method 1**  
This method allows you to reinforce with 0 potential. **It is the cheaper and recommended way to reinforce your gear.**

1. Add the relevant Slormite to the Slormitizer. T14 for gear at \+14 and above.  
2. Add 2 Legendary Slormeline (cheapest, less than 3m Goldus per reinforcement)  
   Or 7 Epic Slormeline  
   Or 50 Rare Slormeline (extremely expensive, more than 4m Goldus per reinforcement)  
3. Add 20 Slormandrite of Virtue. This will ensure that your reinforce level increases by 2\. This helps to save the 3m Goldus cost by reinforcing twice in one go.  
4. Add 110 Slormandrite of Harmony to reduce Failure to 0%.  
5. Activate the Slomitizer.

Method 2  
It takes an increasing number of kills per reinforce level to fill up your potential bar. You can skip potential farming using this gear reinforcing method. This method doesn’t work beyond \+84 because of a bug where potential can no longer be filled or retained. **Not recommended, it is cheaper to use method 1\.**

1. Fill your gear’s potential once.  
2. Add the relevant Slormite to the Slormitizer. T14 for gear at 14+ and above.  
3. Add 20 Slormandrite of Virtue. This will ensure that your reinforce level increases by 2\.  
4. Add 29 Slormandrite of Aptitude. This will ensure that your potential remains full.  
5. Add 110 Slormandrite of Harmony to reduce Failure to 0%.  
6. Activate the Slomitizer.

If you lack Slormandrite of Harmony & Virtue, farm the Forge for the slormandrites and slormeline fragments. You can craft the fragments into the respective slormandrites.

* War Chest Quantity. This is to increase the number of Normal Slormeline Fragment, Slormandrite of Virtue/Aptitude/Harmony, high tier Slormites and Normal Equipment in the war chest.  
* Slormeline Quality. This increases the chance of getting Slormandrite of Virtue/Aptitude/Harmony from the war chest.  
* Slormite Quality. This increases the chance of getting high tier Slormites from the war chest.  
* Avoid War Chest Quality. This prevents any Normal Slormeline Fragment and Normal Equipment from being upgraded to higher rarities.  
* Avoid Fragment Quality. This prevents any Normal Slormeline Fragment from being upgraded to higher rarities.  
* Avoid Equipment Quality. This prevents any Normal Equipment from being upgraded to higher rarities.  
* Enable “Hide Normal Items” in Filter-o-tron and choose Fragments for the automatic conversion of filtered items. This will turn all the trash Normal Equipment you receive from the war chest into Normal Slormeline Fragments.

If you lack Goldus, do remember that you can change your Filter-o-tron’s automatic conversion to convert filtered items to Goldus instead.  
You can also sell the following to Jemma if you have excess amounts of them:

* Slormandrite of Fate  
* Slormandrite of Negation  
* Slormandrite of Aptitude  
* Spirits of x. All of them are useless after capping your runes and reaper affinity at Cory’s Shop. Treat them as extra Goldus.  
* Low tier Slormite. I sell \+9 and below.

If you lack Ancestral Flawless Slormite, prioritise slormite quality when farming in the forge. Method 1  
Merge the lower tier slormites into higher tier slormites at Rick’s Store, I highly suggest only merging the bottom row of slormites that's \+10 onwards.  
Method 2  
This is highly tedious and way more expensive, but will net you more \+14 slormites than simply merging at a 3-to-1 rate.

1. Optional. Set your filter to show items with reinforcement above \+5. You are free to decide how high to set the filter reinforcement. You can also choose to buy \+0 gear from Jemma’s random containers.  
2. Double reinforce them using x2 legendary slormeline, 20 virtue slormandrite, 110 harmony slormandrite and the relevant slormite until they reach \+13 or \+14.  
3. If they reached \+13, do a single reinforcement using x2 legendary slormeline and the relevant slormite.  
4. Extract \+14 slormite from the \+14 items at the blacksmith.

You can split Slormites and Fragments by Right-clicking on a stack. Hold Shift to add 10 and Alt to add 100\.
