---
title: "Astonishing Farming Experiment Results in Details"
date: 2021-12-30 03:56:43 +0100
categories: [Builds, Steam]
tags: [steam, guides, builds, loot, english]
author: steam_id_76561198435138522
---
# Introduction

I am level 50 and I've reached the point where I'm perfecting my level 50 gears. In order to do so I need to reforge epic stats. I've realised that it requires so much gold and material which are simply so rare. I usually farm in Wrath 6 extremely comfortably without dying and killing Elites in a few hits. I can do Wrath up to 8 but I can die if I get an unlucky spawn. The Elite kill speed is to slow to be beneficial. Overall, I've been getting extremely low drop rates and to have some fun, I decided to test other alternatives.  
  
I first started with the Chapter 2 stage 20 boss. Overall, it gave good drops but the kill speed due to the couple spawning sequences he does just make the whole fight to slow to be beneficial. I then went down to the spider bosses (Chapter 2 : The Storage Room, Level 8). To my surprise, I've witness a dramatic change in the drop rates. Today I decided to grind that stage until I filled up my Inventory with Epics and Legendaries. I then did the same run in the Prison Expedition to compare.  
  
I'd like to share my results in hope to help new and midgame players for the endgame content.   
  

# Aknowledgement

I've done a quick search and the only other information I've found was someone who discovered that method to be beneficial for grinding gears. He didn't give much details and it was really brief so I'd like to add to his discovery.   
  
By no mean this is a secret or whatever I just want to share with you players who are unaware of this technique.  
  
There's other alternatives out there to farm goldus but this is strickly for gears. Something that any class can do.

# Complete Build

* **Hero**
The Mighty Knight  
  
* **Reaper**
The Most Powerful Primordial Sword Level 100  
  
* **Gears**
Subjective to everyone. Ring, Cape, Amulet which combined offers an extra 10% Goldus, 9.5% in Item Quality and 12% in Item Quanity  
  
* **Reaper Stat**
Astoria +55  
  
* **Mastery Stat**
Whirlwind +22  
  
* **Attribute Stat**
Subjective to everyone. +15 Savagery, +9 Fury, +9 Bravery (ring, cape, amulet are my magic finding gear).  
  
* **Character Attributes**
Everything in Bravery  
  
* **Ancestral Legacy**
The Slormitologist and Seasoned Hunter in order to access to Reapersmith's Legacy  
  
* **Ultimatums**
Ultimatum of Endless Wealth +70% (which I forgot to equip for this experiment)  
  
* **Loot Filter**
I hided Normal/Magic/Rare and I've selected Goldus

# Approaches

 **The Bosses Stage :**   
Go straight up to spawn bosses. Move right and start whirlwind. Stay to its left until the other spider walks up to you. Optimise your positioning to attack both of them at the same time to increase kill speed.  
  
**Prison Expedition :**  
Don't go out of your way if a room is far from your location. Avoid red breaches. Walk up to a breach, use your grappling skill, use your whirlwind piew piew. Rinse and repeat.

# Result

Now the fun stuff  
  
**Bosses**  
  
Total Time : 28 minutes  
Total Run : 55 Runs  
Total Goldus : 466k / 8.47k per run / 16.64k per minute  
Total Epic Gear : 29 Epics / 0.53% per run / 1.04 item per minute  
Total Legendary Gear : 9 Legendaries / 0.16% per run / 0.32 item per minute  
  
**Prison Expedition Wrath 6**  
\*Notes : Includes +45% magic item quantity and +110% Rewards  
  
Total Time : 28 minutes  
Total Floor :17 Floors  
Total Goldus : 227k / 13.35k  
Total Epic Gear : 5 Epics / 0.295% per floor / 0.18 item per minute  
Total Legendary Gear : 3 Legendaries / 0.18% per floor / 0.11 item per minute  
  
**Overall**  
  
x2.05 more goldus per minutes  
x5.7 more epics per minutes  
x2.91 more legendaries per minutes  
  
\*Notes : I forgot to equip my +70% ultimatum so the goldus difference would've been slightly higher. Also, I believe that I was extremely lucky to find 3 legendaries in 28. I'm confident that the X factor is supposed to be much higher than that.  
  
Unfortunately, I haven't kept track of my crafting/reforging materials but I suspect that it might be better in Expeditions. I might attempt a similar experience over and add to this guide in the future if this guide has a positive feedback from the community.

# Volunteer

I'd would be interesting to see someone conducting a similar experiment who can easily run wrath 10 and kill the bosses even faster.

# Conclusion

The numbers speaks for themselves.  
  
**Pros** : Dramatically Increase your Epic and Legendary drops. Double your goldus found.  
  
**Cons** : Poor experience gains for your Character, Slorm Reapers, Skill Masteries.  
  
I hope this will be well receive and perhaps even help a few players.  
  
This is my first time making a guide so any suggestions and feedback are appreciated.  
  
I love this game and I can't wait for more content.  
  
Enjoy and have a good grinding session.

# <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2700173194" target="_blank">Check out the original post</a>