---
title: "HOW TO FARM GOLDUS AND MATS"
date: 2021-05-11 00:54:09 +0100
categories: [Builds, Steam]
tags: [steam, guides, builds, gameplay basics, loot, english]
author: steam_id_76561198060090035
---
# MUST KNOW INFO

Equipment can have up to 4 rarity tiers to craft stats on.  
  
These are:  
  
**Normal**  
**Magic**  
**Rare**  
**Epic**  
  
**BEFORE WE CONTINUE**  
Keep in mind that as of today, Magic and Rare Tiers share stats, this means, that if you craft for example, goldus find on the Magic Tier, you won't be able to craft it again on the Rare tier.  
  
There are three types of equipment (these are unofficial terms given by me):  
  
**Armor**  
**Utility**  
**Accessory**  
  
Equipment considered armor are:  
  
**Helmet**  
**Chest**  
**Shoulder**  
**Bracelet**  
**Glove**  
**Boots**  
  
These pieces of equipment can have x2 Normal stats, x1 Magic stat, x1 Rare stat and x3 Epic stats.  
  
Equipment considered utility are:  
  
**Cape**  
**Belt**  
  
These pieces of equipment can have x1 Normal stat, x1 Magic stat, x1 Rare stat and x3 Epic stats.  
  
Equipment considered Accessory:  
  
**Amulet**  
**Rings**  
  
These pieces of equipment can have x1 Normal stat, x1 Magic stat, x1 Rare stat and x3 Epic stats.  
  
**NOTE:**In addition to these stats, you can craft the following to each piece:  
  
**x1 Reaper affinity**  
**x1 Skill Mastery bonus**  
**x1 Attribute bonus**  
**x1 Legendary Effect** <- This can only be crafted on Normal, Magic, Rare or Epic Equipment.  
  
**NOTE:**Legendary equipment dropped by mobs, already have a legendary effect. You still can re-roll that effect for a different one tho.

# CRAFTING

Now that we know the basics of stats and equipment, it's time to move on to crafting.  
  
**Note:**From now on, the numbers I'll mention here are based on **lvl 40** equipment with a **+0** refinement.  
  
**STAT SCORES**  
This is what makes crafting in this game so powerful and somehow OP. Although the possible outcomes may differ from each piece of equipment to the other, the **stat scores** will be the same among them.  
  
What I mean is, shoulders can roll a Normal Tier stat score of 127-182 Elemental Damage and the same score will be present on any other piece of equipment that can roll Elemental Damage on their Normal Tier. Same will happen with any other stat and Rarity Tier.  
  
**Note:** Score numbers will vary depending on the Rarity tier, so craft the ones that give you the most out of it.  
  
**YEAH! YEAH! I GOT IT, NOW SHOW ME THE MONEY!**  
  
Ok, Ok… I know this may feel like a drag, but I wanted you to understand some basics. Now that you know them, you are ready to become a "cheater" among us!  
  
**WHAT TO CRAFT AND WHERE**  
  
I'm not going to go in depth about other stats but the ones that are a MUST for farming Goldus, Slorm, Frags, Equipment and XP (Gained XP works for both, Character levels and Reaper levels).  
  
The best pieces of equipment to craft these stats are:  
  
**Cape**  
**Rings**  
  
These pieces of equipment allow us to stack any of the stats aforementioned in almost every single rarity tier. As I mentioned before, Magic and Rare can't have the same stat crafted on them. So this give us the chance to stack the boost bonus x9 times out of 3 pieces of gear.  
  
**Note:**You can craft more %boost if you craft these stats on the Epic Tier on every equipment, but I like to craft other stuff that is not present on the other rarity tiers, but it's always up to you.  
  
What stats to craft:  
  
**Goldus find**  
**Slorm find**  
**Experience gain**  
**Fragments find** <- Fragments mean the little fragments and not the completed ones.  
**Magic Item Quantity** <- This increases the chance to find more equipment  
**Magic Item Quality** <- Dropped equipment has a higher chance to be Epic or Legendary  
  
**Note:**You can craft a mix of all, or just focus in one single stat.  
  
**CRAFT and RE-ROLL SCORES BEFORE REINFORCING**  
  
I highly suggest you to always craft and re-roll your stat scores BEFORE you reinforce your equipment. If you reinforce before re-roll, the Stat scores will have a bigger gap between min-max thus you might end up wasting a lot of mats and gold re-rolling. If you reinforce AFTER re-rolling scores, whenever you add a + to the reinforcement, your stats will update to the max or closest to the max automatically so you won't have to re-roll the scores.  
  
**Note:**I don't know if this is supposed to work this way, or if they are going to change it. I'll update the guide if they change something anyways.

# REAPER(S)

We are getting closer to the end of the guide. At the present moment of the creation of this guide I haven't found a Reaper that boosts the fragment or equipment gain.  
  
**GOLDUS FARM**  
  
For Goldus farm I recommend the use of:  
  
**GOLDSCOURGE, TWIN REAPER**  
This Reaper has a max level of 50 (+55 from crafted Reaper affinity -Cory-) and gives you a +1% per level to your Goldus find.  
  
Both, the regular and primordial versions have a max level of 50.  
  
**AURIFURIOUS, REAPER BORN OF FUSION**  
This Reaper is the best for both goldus and slorm farming because it gives a boost for both. These boosts consist of a flat 1% boost per level for goldus and slorm find and a 0.50% multiplier boost per level to goldus and slorm find. This Reaper has a max level of 100. Don't forget to add those Cory Reaper affinity boosts.  
  
The primordial version is even better because it also gives a benediction effect that heals you for an amount based on how much slorm you reaped and a damage boost based on your total goldus find.  
  
The malediction curse consists on removing any form of life on hit, life on kill and life regen and reducing your Overdrive bounces to 1. You will be dealing so much damage that you won't even noticed this malediction lol.  
  
**EXP FARM**  
  
Although by this point most of us are level 40 already, we still have more character levels to go so the best Reaper for EXP boost is:  
  
**REAPER OF THE TRAINEE**  
This reaper is pretty straight forward. It has a max level of 100+ and it gives a boost of 1% per level to our exp gain. This reaper also benefits from the Cory reaper affinity, so don't forget to craft as much as possible to increase the boost.  
  
**PRIMORDIAL REAPER OF THE TRAINEE**  
This is the primordial version of the Reaper, this reaper has a max level of 100+, it gives the same 1% per level exp boost and some damage boost according to your current level. But the best part is it's Benediction. You get a 1% per level exp gain multiplier and a +1% per NON-PRIMORDIAL level   
exp gain boost. This mean that if you have a 100+55 Reaper of the Trainee, you are going to get a 150% exp gain boost.  
  
You pretty much can get up to 300% exp gain + 150% exp gain multiplier.

# LAST BUT NOT LEAST!

Yes! We made it to the end bois and girls!  
  
Our final touches will be:  
  
**LEGENDARY EFFECTS**  
Although these ones can be difficult to get early, these are a MUST to increase our goldus gain boost to the sky.  
  
We are going to need 2 legendary effects:  
  
**Cape** -> Legendary effect that applies a XX% chance to make the enemy or enemies we hit to drop goldus no matter if the hit kill them or not.  
  
**Boots** -> Legendary effect that adds a XX% to our Goldus find and increases the goldus pick up radius.  
  
**Note:**You can also add on each ring the legendary effect that gives a +X level to any Ancestral Gift we have. These are not mandatory.  
  
**ATTRIBUTES**  
We are going to need at least a BRAVERY RANK of 45. This will give us, slorm find, goldus find, influence gain. If you have good equipment that allows you to kill mobs fast, I recommend that you put both your regular attribute points and crafted ones on BRAVERY so you can get a boost to the quality of your drops and more slormites (slormites are not fragments) gain.  
  
**ANCESTRAL LEGACY**  
I use the following passives:  
  
**Seasoned Hunter**  
**Elemental Swap**  
**Reapersmith's Legacy**

# CONCLUSION

If you made it this far, and are reading this, I hope that this guide helps you understand how to farm resources in this game. As you can see, we don't need cheat engine or trainers to achieve great things. We just need to learn to be more efficient.  
  
And I hope this guide has, in some way, helped you to be more efficient. I've tested this with +10 and +15 equipment and it works wonders (I mean, this is what I did to achieve my +50). Just keep always in mind, that the amount of time you invest in farming will be the only factor between you becoming "rich" or not.  
  
Best regards and happy gaming!

# CLASS

This comes down to personal choice. I suggest you use the class you like, but most of all, the class you can clear mobs fast with.  
  
**Note:** The Huntress has a passive node in the **ARCHITECT OF DEATH** specialization called "The Greedy Huntress" that adds a +XX% Goldus find. So if you have a good clear build with the Huntress, she's the best option for Goldus farming.

# <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2483456517" target="_blank">Check out the original post</a>