---
title: "Holy Orbs Mage build v0.7.0h"
date: 2023-08-17 21:37:26 +0100
categories: [Builds, Steam]
tags: [steam, guides, builds, characters, classes, english]
author: steam_id_76561198192225370
---
# Gameplay

**Battlefield, Wrath X + Boss fight**  
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NccvYu0Gmmk>  
**Slorm temple**  
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVNVARkuup4>  
**Great Forge, Wrath X, 100 waves**  
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4wXFaEGwaI>  
**Adamn Nostrus boss fight**  
<https://youtu.be/lik7XI46ij0>

# Pros & Cons

Pros:
=====

  
* Good clear speed
* 1 HP tank, you can reach 1M shield in The great forge
* No need to invest in defensive stats other than life on hit and leech
* You can apply a lot of CC with Aurelon's punishment and The judge of light. In additional, The judge of light deal extra damage per debuffs from those ancestral

Cons:
=====

  
* You can get oneshot when you have none or low shield
* The professors can be a pain in the \*\*\* in the great forge, since they spawn with more frequency


# Skills & Upgrades

Mastery: Time warp
==================

  
  
* Tier 1: Experienced battlemage
* Tier 2: Replenish
* Tier 3: Life shaper
* Tier 4: Crisis warp
* Tier 5: None
* Tier 6: Temporal pact
* Tier 7: Phlegmatic scholar
* Tier 8: Glassier canon

Primary skill: Orb of the arcane master
=======================================

  
  
* Tier 1: Unfinished orb
* Tier 2: Orb of the headmaster
* Tier 3: Ancestral orb
* Tier 4: Need backup!
* Tier 5: Greater primal orb

Secondary skill: Arcane breach
==============================

  
  
* Tier 1: Reap what you sow if you have mana problems, otherwise, any
* Tier 2: Eternal breach
* Tier 3: Arcane flux
* Tier 4: Evergrowing portal
* Tier 5: Gravitational force


# Skills & Upgrades notes

Time warp
=========

  
This mastery gives you mobility, mana and shield sustain, and damage.  
Phlegmatic scholar with orb of the headmaster, you can get 10% extra crit chance, Experienced battlemage gives extra crit damage, and free 50% attack speed, since your HP can't go below 1  
  
Orb of the arcane master
========================

  
This is the main source of damage, despite having upgrades with downsides, you can toss them through the window, thanks to the Wristlet of the orb master. This legendary brace removes the damage and cooldown penalty from the upgrades.  
You can cover more ground with Ethereal cloning pad shoulder piece, Need back up! and Greater primal orb upgrades  
  
Arcane breach
=============

  
this skill is mostly used in case you need to clump enemies in one place, for example when you fight multiple professors, for that reason in this build i focus in Area of effect, and Gravitational force upgrades, plus the extra attack speed is neat.  
If you have mana leech or on hit, or life leech or on hit with Life shaper, you can use it to recharge your mana.

# Attributes

Savagery 10
===========

  
  
Fury 10
=======

  
  
Willpower 75
============

  
  
Dexterity 18
============

  


# Ancestral legacy

Ancestral stone
===============

  
  
**Seasoned hunter**  
Neutral - Ancestral gift  
Max rank: 10  
  
  
  
You have +0.5% per rank attack speed.  
You have +1% per rank armor penetration.  
You have +1% per rank elemental penetration.  
  
  
  
**Elemental swap**  
Neutral - Aura  
Max rank: 10  
  
  
  
While this aura is toggled on, you have 20% + 4% per rank elemental damage.  
While this aura is toggled on, the cost of skills you cast is doubled.  
  
  
  
**Regenerative strikes**  
Max rank: 10  
  
  
  
  
You have +0.5 per rank life on hit.  
You have +1% per rank life on hit.  
You have +0.5 per rank mana on hit.  
You have +1% per rank mana on hit.  
  
  
  
**Aegis of light**  
Light - imbue  
Max rank: 1  
  
  
  
A shield globe is created near you every 20 seconds.  
Skills in your primary and secondary slots are now imbued with light.  
Whenever you hit an enemy with light-imbued skills, the time to the next shield globe is reduced by 2 seconds.  
  
  
  
**Auleron's punishment**  
Light - Imbue  
Max rank: 10  
Cost: 24 mana  
  
  
Light-imbued skills have 5 + 2 per rank chance to apply a negative effect randomly between: Daze, slow, armor broken, elemental resistance broken, blind or silence to enemies hit for the next 5 seconds.  
  
  
  
**The judge of light**  
Light - Aura  
Max rank: 10  
Cost: 116 mana per second  
  
  
While this aura is toggled on, light imbed skills have 100% chance to apply a negative effect chosen randomly between: Daze, slow, armor broken, elemental resistance broken, blind or silence to enemies hit for the next 3 seconds.  
While this aura is toggled on, light-imbued skills deal 5% + 1% per rank increased damage for every negative effect on the enemy hit.  
  
  
  
**Elemental synergy**  
Neutral - Elemental gift  
Max rank: 10  
  
  
  
You have +5% + (1.5% per rank) elemental damage for each aura.  
  
Primordial stone
================

  
  
**Elemental aura** (If you get less than +40% elemental damage from Elemental reward)  
Neutral - Aura  
Max rank: 10  
Cost: 25% Mana locked  
  
  
While this aura is toggled on, you have +40 + (6 per rank) elemental damage and +(1% per rank) elemental damage.  
  
  
  
**Elemental Reward** (If you get more elemental damage from Elemental reward)  
Shadow - Ancestral Gift  
Max rank: 1  
  
  
  
You have +X% Elemental damage.  
Elemental damage is equal to the combined Mastery level of the specializations in your class.

# Slorm reaper, Runes and Ultimatum

  
  
Slorm reaper: Aiondee, the primordial staff of the rising sun
=============================================================

  
Stats at lvl 100 with 150 affinity  
  
Slormsmith: Hagan.  
* 2784 - 3826 reaper damage.
* Max level: 100.
* +175% Light resistance.
* +175% Increased shield globe value.
* Light-imbued skills deal 175% increased damage.
* The shield globe value is also increased by X. The increase is equal to 175% of your elemental damage.
* Shield stop decreasing below 4550 shield.
* **Primordial benediction:** Whenever you gain life from life leech, life on hit or life on kill, if your life is full, life gain is converted to shield
* **Primordial malediction:** Your max life is 1.

  
Runes.
======

  
* Activation: Astorias or Hagan
* Effect: Nimble warrior
* Enhancement: Beigarth

  
Ultimatum.
==========

  
  
stats at lvl 15  
  
**Ultimatum of stoic wrath**  
* Ancestral strike chance is set to 15%

  
*This Ultimatum is used to proc the effect of willpower 60 (+32% elemental damage for 12 seconds)*

# Stat priority

Unlimited
=========

  
* Elemental damage
* Critical damage
* Life leech
* Life on hit
* Increased aura effect
* Projectile speed
* Max mana regen
* Max mana
* Attack speed
* Mana leech
* Movement speed

Limited
=======

  
* **Critical chance:**Around 50% is good enough

Capped
======

  
* Elemental damage penetration
* Rebound chance


# Legendary items

**Mandatory**  
* Wristlet of the orb master
* Young phoenix feather
* Wristlet of the orb master
* Ethereal cloning pads
* Did i mention Wristlet of the orb master?
* Ancestral Champion Present (to duplicate the bonus from Elemental Reward)

**Recommended**  
* Amulet of transference
* Swift wings of Hermesal
* Sahrusiel's pact
* Winds of harmony
* Sunlight essence
* Enlightening journey


# Other guides

<https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2669188162>  
<https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3005063796>  
<https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3023927271>  
<https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3041403459>  
<https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3048473267>

# Build planner link

[Holy Orb build](https://cayrac.github.io/slorm-planner/view/build/bqAGo2jKGpLpRVJA3dHOj3ZKSEXl_giHLqBulTdxq4cpvd8riusTwadWaVUuWLsPvuvOLIjBIxvae7aBWcpak7aZWdVaq7bl5JCi4uo0dWO8Ibt5J$rauqLeqPgvykaE3arKavgqquqsj4bmQIGWgkdeGOnVBqrSGAaE3arKaugqruqseHbmQIGWgkdfyOnVBqkmGQaE3aHKabgqrqqsfjbmfcGXikdeOOnVBqgSG5aE3aHKacMqqmqsarbmrIGXkkdeGOnVBqImHkaE3aXKabgqqkqsezbmbIGXikdeOOnVBqjSHAaE3fbKapgqsQqsaXbmvcGXwkdfiOnVBqMSHQaEWfrKeQKeIEqtaOOmdcGWekdB1_j6iEGhSbuzbkPbiNKeWkkdaWOmbcG18TagYiOb6abMqsQqsaPbmbcGXgkdfqOnVBqsSIAaEWaXKeNKeIQqtaOOmbcGXikdB1_dRiQGhScQzbj4biveeWkkdaqOmOcG18TaaagEafcGabuaaaebyfbUlWaaa)

# <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3021351441" target="_blank">Check out the original post</a>