---
title: "Anarchist Mage v0.7.0h (Outdated)"
date: 2023-08-25 02:58:09 +0100
categories: [Builds, Steam]
tags: [steam, guides, builds, characters, classes, english]
author: steam_id_76561198192225370
---
# Skills & Upgrades

Mastery: Time warp
==================

  
  
* Tier 1: Experienced battlemage
* Tier 2: Replenish
* Tier 3: Life shaper
* Tier 4: Crisis warp
* Tier 5: None or Volatile clone
* Tier 6: Temporal pact
* Tier 7: Ancestral command
* Tier 8: None

Primary skill: Arcane breach
============================

  
  
* Tier 1: Violent contact
* Tier 2: Multi-breaches
* Tier 3: Arcane flux
* Tier 4: Ephemeral rift
* Tier 5: Gravitational force

Secondary skill: Rift nova (Only if you use Battlemage Mantle)
==============================================================

  
  
* Tier 1: Arcanic concordance
* Tier 2: Greater rift
* Tier 3: Any
* Tier 4: Autonomous nova
* Tier 5: Time stop


# Ancestral legacy

  
**Elemental boost**  
Neutral - Ancestral gift  
Max rank: 10  
  
  
* You have +4 per rank Elemental damage.
* You have +1% per rank Elemental damage.

  
  
**Ardent strike**  
Fire - Ancestral strike  
Max rank: 10  
  
  
* Your ancestral strikes create 3+1 per rank fireballs.

  
  
**Arming the bomb**  
Max rank: 1  
  
  
  
* Your ancestral strikes now turn the enemy hit into a walking bomb
+ Walking bomb trigger after 2 seconds or after being killed, dealing 100% elemental damage to enemies within 1.25 yards radius. Walking bomb spread to enemies hit by the explosion, once.

  
  
**Crawling disaster**  
Fire - Upgrade  
Max rank: 1  
  
  
* Walking bomb spread twice.

  
  
**Air conditioner**  
Ice - Aura  
Max rank: 10  
Cost: 10% Mana locked  
  
* While this aura is toggle on, enemies within a 2 yards radius around you have 25 + 2% per rank attack speed multiplier.


# Slorm reapers, Runes & Ultimatums

  
  
Slorm reaper: Primordial staff of the trainee
=============================================

  
Stats at lvl 1000 (Primordial and non primordial) with 150 affinity  
  
Slormsmith: Cory.  
* 135 - 250 reaper damage.
* Max level: 1000.
* +1750% Experience gain.
* Whenever you deal damage to an enemy, you have X% chance to deal Y additional damage.
* Chance is equal to your current character level.
* Additional damage is equal to ten times your total experience gain.\*
* **Primordial benediction:**
+ +1750% Experience gain.
+ +1750% Experience gain multiplier.
+ You have +Z reaper damage.
+ Reaper damage is equal to the combined level of all your characters

* **Primordial malediction:** You can no longer gain mastery.

*\* This include the increased experience from the map you're playing.  
  
Note: despite having 1000 max lvl, it's not hard to max, because of the bonus exp. With the non primordial maxed, i level up the primordial from 1 to 55 with a single Arcane breach, in The great forge wrath V.  
  
Note 2: This reaper's effect can proc with **any** instance damage, including each tick of an damage over time, **but** this damage is added **after** the crit or ancestral proc, meaning it doesn't benefit from those bonus damage.*  
  
Runes.
======

  
* Activation: Hagan
* Effect: Nimble warrior
* Enhancement: Hagan or Beigarth

  
Ultimatum.
==========

  
  
stats at lvl 15  
  
**Ultimatum of profund depth**  
* Area damage reduction set to 57.5%


# Stats priority

Unlimited
=========

  
* Ancestral strike chance
* Ancestral strike damage
* Experience gain
* Area increased effect
* Life leech
* Life on hit
* Elemental damage
* Max life
* Damage reduction (All, Projectile and melee)

Limited
=======

  
* **Critical chance:** Around 44% should be enough *if* you have Damasius Awareness.

Capped
======

  
* Elemental damage penetration


# Legendary items

**Mandatory**  
* Faith of the ancients
* Damasius awareness
* Sahrusiel's pact

**Recommended**  
* Winds of harmony
* Black cape
* Battlemage mantle
* Sunlight and Moonlight essence
* Aiming assistance pads


# Build planner

[Anarchist Mage](https://cayrac.github.io/slorm-planner/view/build/bqsGlpjKGpMpRVJsWaHeiaSJKuZGnqdIbDayix_mnd$vGa$bgurWKMPlItve4rqcuvac7atWbVai7aRWdpao9OMujWIJqPuk0aq7bl5Jvq1MofdPq5Ibt0GOb6GgMqa9zbbXbihKeWGkdfqOmqcGwvPasYbOb6GhMqaazbbPbipKeXukdfyOmqcGwvPaiYcOb6GgMqaazbd4bihKeWskdeaOmaIGwvPa_YdOb6GcMqaazbaXbiweeWskdb3OmrIGwvPaYYeOb6GdgqaazbaPbirKeWAkdbiOmhIGwvPaoYfOb6GpMqaazbebbideeWAkdfqOmvIGwvPbsYgOb6aaMqqaqsaXbmeIGWEkdcaOfLAqbSH5aEWajKedeeGaqtbOOmhcGWskbzwKaBiIGhSaczbaPbipKeWAkdbiOmvcGwvPaaajOb6acMqqmqsabbmhIGXukdfyOfLAqoSIQaEWd4KeqeeGEqtaOOmvcGXwkbzwKb6ij44qkaaaaaaaifaqaaaaaaa)

# Other guides

<https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2669188162>  
<https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3005063796>  
<https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3021351441>  
<https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3041403459>  
<https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3048473267>

# Attributes

Fury 10
=======

  
  
Zeal 28
=======

  
  
Willpower 75
============

  


# Skills & Upgrades notes

Time warp
=========

  
This mastery helps with mobility and mana regeneration until you get Faith of the ancients, thanks to Replenish and Life shaper. In tier 7 you can get Ancestral command, at max rank, grants 10% ancestral strike chance.  
  
Arcane breach
=============

  
This is your main source of damage. Thanks to Violent contact you can deal burst damage in a large area. With multi-breaches and Faith of the ancients, you can spam Arcane breach, as long as you proc an ancestral strike within Faith of the ancient's buff duration. Spamming this skill also increase your attack speed, if you have Arcane flux upgrade.  
  
Rift nova
=========

  
Use this skill if you have Battlemage mantle, this combo cam be used for offense and defense.  
Offense, because that mean extra ancestral proc, with the extra crit chance and damage, and defense because of Time stop upgrade.

# Pros & Cons

Pros:
=====

  
* You can wipe large groups of enemies almost instantly.
* You can spam Arcane breach with 0 mana cost if you have Faith of the ancient and a decent Ancestral strike chance.
* Fast to level up, thanks to the staff of the trainee
* You can cover a lot of ground.
* You only need to use 2 skills.

Cons:
=====

  
* Glass cannon build.
* Not so efficient against fewer enemies.
* You need both versions of The staff of the trainee (Primordial and non primordial) at max level (1000), and character level to maximize it's potential. Don't worry, it's not hard as it looks like, but it can be annoying.
* You need to level up your skills before using The primordial staff of the trainee, because of the malediction.
* It can be boring for some people, since all you do is spam arcane breach and sometimes Time warp to escape.


# Gameplay

**Battlefield, Wrath X + Boss fight**  
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ypmVVwxWsU>  
**Slorm temple**  
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2gy8dEY5h4>  
**Great Forge, Wrath X, 100 waves**  
<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjS5FEygKYU>

# <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3023927271" target="_blank">Check out the original post</a>