---
title: "Critical strikes"
date: 2022-11-21 18:00:00 +0100
categories: [Knowledge, Damage]
tags: [knowledge, damage, critical]
author: Legrems
math: true
---

A critical strike is when a skill dealing increased damage. Whenever the player or a monster uses a skill, they have a chance to deal a critical strike by default. By default, you chance to deal a critical strike is 5%. Chance for monster may be different. All damage from a critical strike is increased by your critical strike damage.

# Ancestral Strike
`Chance you have to trigger Ancestral Effects and deal Ancestral Strike Damage whenever you deal Critical Damage. Ancestral Strikes can only occur on Critical Damage from Skills in your Primary and Secondary Slots.`

By default, your chance to deal an ancestral strike is 1% (on top of the critical strike chance). So with no critical stat, you will have 0.05% chance of making an ancestral strike. Ancestral strike are basically a crit on a crit. Critical strike damage does not apply to Ancestral strike damage!

# DPS Bonus

The dps factor, by default at 1.02575 (by default critical strike represent a 2.5% bonus dps), is calculated like this:

$DPS_{factor} = (\text{damage from non-crit}) + (\text{damage from crit only}) + (\text{damage from ancestral})$

$DPS_{factor} = (1-chance_{crit}) + crit_{chance} \times (1 - anc_{chance}) \times crit_{damage} + crit_{chance} \times anc_{chance} \times anc_{damage}$

## Example
For example, if you have 30% critical strike chance with 250% critical strike damage (in total, with the 150% base), 20% ancestral strike chance and 500% ancestral strike damage. your dps factor is 1.6, meaning you'll gain 60% dps with crit. But if you invest more into critical strike chance, and you have like 70% and like 30% ancestral strike chance, your dps factor goes up to 2.575.

## Non-ancestral strike proc
The DPS Bonus formula only work for primary and secondary skills, since only those can apply ancestral strike. If you want to calculate the DPS increase for another skill, use:

$DPS_{factor} = (\text{damage from non-crit}) + (\text{damage from crit only})$

$DPS_{factor} = (1-chance_{crit}) + crit_{chance} \times crit_{damage}$
